                  Hit the spot! I decided to try out ONI for brunch today. I don&#39;t eat meat and asked if they could make their breakfast tacos vegetarian which they totally did. Two other patrons complimented how good my breakfast looked. It tasted great too! I shoulda taken a pic. Epic fail. Sorry!   I&#39;ve been coming to the taco bar Loteria, but the servings are so small for what you pay. If you&#39;re looking for Mexican- check this place out!  
                  Their vegetarian burrito is SO good. I&#39;m used to veggie burritos being bland and unintentional, but this one is one I&#39;ll go back and get again.  
                  These Tortas are no joke. I&#39;m salivating just thinking about it.  Usually when I go to San Pedro I expect to pay about $9-13 for something that isn&#39;t always filling, but just holds you over for the time being. Oni&#39;s tortas are the exception to my thinking cause these suckahs are huge. I got the steak flank asada torta and was completely surprised by how good and filling it was. The bread is so soft and good. It looks a lot more fancier than getting a torta at a more traditional and authentic place.   My only complaints about Oni was the price (over $12 plus tax for a torta!?) and that it takes awhile for them to put these things together. If you can get over these things then this place is a solid choice to eat at in the market.  
                  Great option in the market. They have sandwiches and burritos although I&#39;ve only had the pork sandwich and the cuban. The people working there are so friendly and helped me decide what to order both times. The sandwiches are stunning in their layered colors and flavors.... but wow are they big! Definitely split if you don&#39;t have a huge appetite. The Cuban came with homemade chips - yummy! We frequent the market on the weekends as we live in the hood and I will definitely be back!  
                  This maybe a hidden gem. I think the same folks as the taco bar but i think better in a non stereotypical way. Ive not seen a Guadalajaran Ahogada torta in a while. The chile sauce, pork and bean pate on the dunked roll was solid. Large piece of queso fresco and chips on the side. My friends cochinita pibil was also said to be awesome. They have a series of other proteins and styles of prep that you dont see a lot. Must explore more as the ahogada was satisfying  
                  Where to begin...hmmmm...let&#39;s begin with their location. They are one of the new editions to San Pedro Square Market. They are located directly at the entrance from San Pedro. The menu is simple but quite unique. I can&#39;t say that I am a huge torta connoisseur but I was willing to give this place a try since it is the sister restaurant to Loteria Taco Bar which is about 3 stalls down from this one. I am quite the fan of Loteria, but my raving for that place will be made on a separate review for them after this. They have your choice of meats to choose from but one that caught my eye was the Chile relleno torta. I like me a good, perfectly battered cheesy relleno on occasion and by golly now was a good a time as ever. Their tortas are served with homemade potato chips. Alonh with your featured meat or in this case chile relleno came sliced avocado, lettuce, tomato and some jalapenos. A pretty healthy sized lunch. The prices are reasonable..for the tortas. I had realized I hadn&#39;t ordered a drink so when my order was up I ordered a bottle of water. A regular sized bottle of water set me back $3.00. Uuhhmmmm ok. So that is why I docked this review a star, I don&#39;t know why a bottle of water was $3.00 a tad pricey for a regular 9 fl. oz bottle of Costco water. The torta was delicious...the fresh veggies and fresh avocado really offset the heaviness of the deep fried cheesy Chile relleno quite perfectly. The chips were crispy and paired wonderfully with my torta. The palate was pleased and I actually had to eat light for dinner because I was still full from my lunch.  
                  I just fell in love... with a sandwich.  I haven&#39;t even finished eating it and I&#39;m already shouting my love from the rooftops.  I got the Chili Relleno Torta delivered via Caviar and it was EPIC.  How am I not going to order it every night for dinner?  Everything about it was perfect - from the bread, to the nice amount of spice to the delicious variety of ingredients.  And the freshly made potato chips on the side were awesome!  Can&#39;t wait to try some of the other tortas!  
                  Went on a dinner date with my husband and he order a torta cubana , he usually has a big appetite and he got really full with half of the torta . The carnitas inside the torta was a plus! I ordered nachos and I must say it was delicious everything was very fresh. I recommend this spot if your craving mexican food. I will sure come here again.  
                  Great service. Really nice guys working here. As with everything in San Pedro, take whatever you think something should cost and add $2. Burrito&#39;s are packed. Good ingredients. Nice flavor. $9. No complaints. Solid spot.  
                  Good tortas, good service. I love going to San Pedro Square where our choices are endless, so we&#39;ll be back for more!  
                  My new favorite at San Pedro Square Market. Service is excellent, food is so delicious. I love their logo and decor as well! Simple, clean kitchen, delicious food and great juices as well. Yum Must try. Not your usual Mexican fare.  
                  Impressed with the avocado BLT salad. Very quick service. Also found out they serve breakfast starting at 8am, including a breakfast burrito! - about time we had a good breakfast option at the Market. Welcome addition to SPSM.  
                  Awesome food. I tried the Cubana and was in heaven. The sandwiches are hearty, tasty, and delicious. I can&#39;t wait to come and try the other sandwiches  
                  Best torts I have had in a while.  Curry lame.  Ridiculously good.  Quick service.  Friendly cashier.  Can&#39;t go wrong.  Can&#39;t wait to try more!!!  
                  Just ate at Oni a torta  style restraunt. I had a delicious 3 cheese chili relleno torta with chips. It&#39;s basically a sandwich with a chili relleno.  It&#39;s cost 11.50 and we&#39;ll worth it. I will be going back very soon.  
                  Ordered the chicken milanesa torta, all I can say is definitely a two person meal, it was so good. I love beans in my torta and not everyone gets it right. Chicken,cole slaw,jalapenos, avocado,quezo fresco,Mexican crema and black beans all in a bun, with a side of home made crunchy chips.  Mexican style crema off set the spicy jalapenos. The Perfectly balanced flavors We went big and also ordered the avocado BLT..WE also loved the portion and balanced flavors. Great dressing complimented the salad. Looking forward to our next visit  
                  Damn Good Ahogada. Mexican Dip Sandwich.  La Bomba!  
