                  Delightful little place located at the San Pedro Market Square. I love love love fresh pasta and this place delivers the traditional Italian way. I had the carbonara on my first visit and it is the closes version to the ones I had in Florence.  The egg, cheese, and olive oil are mixed perfectly with the spaghetti.  Mmm...Mmm.  Today, I had the lasagna and the meat sauce is fantastic.  The best part about his pasta is that it is light not heavy like most over starched version served by local restaurant here including Pasanos.  Pasta Fresca focuses on &#34;Made to Order&#34; and fresh ingredients. It is why it is now my go to place for lunch.  The portion isn&#39;t big (it not the sink to the bottom of your stomach kind of pasta) which I appreciate and you can expect it to be done the right way every time.  I get tummy full of fresh delicious pasta, but I am not falling asleep in the afternoon.  I highly recommend this place, but as a dine in. Because the freshness of the pasta and ingredient, it needs to be eaten ASAP to appreciate it.  I had a to go order once and the pasta got cold and didn&#39;t taste as good. It&#39;s too bad they don&#39;t have a sit down restaurant for me to go for dinner with a nice bottle of vino from my own collection.  I highly recommend everyone to give this place a try.  
                  Located in the San Pedro Square market, Pasta Fresca is a great lunch option if you&#39;re in the area. They have a pretty decent lunch special where you get a decent-sized portion of pasta with a small fresh salad (either the Italian or the Ceaser).   So far, I&#39;ve tried the pesto and the lasagna and both are very flavorful. I especially love that both pastas are fresh. Also, they have fresh pasta that you can cook at home for sale for just two bucks. Pretty good deal.  
                  Surprising excellent pasta,  I was curious so I asked why.  The secret is that all the ingredients are imported from Italy, even the pasta machine, which you can see making pasta if you arrive at the right time. So, it&#39;s fresh pasta, made each day, with the best ingredients for a genuine little piece of Italy at a unbeatable price.  It&#39;s right next to a genuine Italian pizzeria making an Italian corner in the San Pedro Market Square.  Want a drink?  The full bar is a few steps away.  
                  Not bad pasta at an ok price.  One of the San Pedro Square tenants, this place offers a variety of pasta dishes.  I tried the lasagna which was pretty big looking, but came at a price of $10.  The lasagna also came with a small side of salad.  The lasagna was good, but nothing wow worthy.  For the price, it&#39;s actually one of the cheaper places here if you&#39;re looking for a bite.  I was just sorta hoping for more I guess.  Really wish they had chicken parmesean.  
                  Surprisingly, or maybe not surprisingly, this is the first Italian food I&#39;ve had in San Jose (aside from pizza) in the two years I&#39;ve lived here. I got the pesto pasta, and I will definitely be coming back! The pesto itself is very fresh and the seasonings taste fantastic. The noodles are cooked al dente, but I actually prefer them that way.  The side salad is fresh and the dressing is good as well.  
                  Located in San Pedro Market across from the pizza place.  I love freshly made pasta and am actually surprised that a lot of the &#39;top rated&#39; Italian restaurants in San Jose, don&#39;t really make their own pasta. You know because you can taste the difference. And granted, everyone has their own preference for pasta texture and sauce, but I stick to the simple stuff!   The thing I remember most in Italy was the simplicity of all the dishes. Nothing drenched in sauce, salt etc... Pasta stood out on its own so anytime an establishment claims to make their own pasta - I always am willing to try.  I went to Pasta Fresca for lunch today with flat expectations which were exceeded. I can only speak for the Carbonara, but I enjoyed it. I love Carbonara because pancetta and egg yolks are some of my favorite components (not the best for you, but super tasty). The simplicity of the dish may not roll for those that like the saucy dishes, but I loved it!  The pasta was definitely home made, you can taste that chew. It was the perfect texture. Can&#39;t wait to go back and try the pesto, another one of my favorite classics.  They still kept some of the same menu items from Samba Zama? The crab/avocado salad and minestrone, which I&#39;ve had at the old establishment. It&#39;s alright - minestrone is not tomato based.   Come try it out and make your own judgement. I got the Carbonara with a side salad for about $12 after tax. Not too bad in my opinion!  
                  A few years ago I did review of Pizza Bocca Lupo and I joked about how I had to dodge circular saws and  tools on the floor as that restaurant was setting up its Neopolitan wood fired oven...from where else? Neopolita, of course... San Pedro Square at that time was being renovated and I ran into this seriously good pizza joint amongst the Black&amp;Decker power tools...fast forward a few years later, and the verdict so far? Just read other folks&#39; yelp reviews!! Was I right?  OK, same corner of the square, no Makita tools to trip over this time, just busy folks preparing to launch an Italian pasta joint...I was  privileged enough to put my mouth on some seriously-good-made-in-the-restaurant-with-Napoli-class pastas..   Omg, all I could say was &#34;la pasta qui è fresco e delizioso&#34;.  &#34;fresco/fresca&#34; means &#34;fresh&#34; doesn&#39;t it? All I know is that you don&#39;t have to fly to Naples, to get pasta made fresh like these. Hey, they&#39;re right here in San Pedro&#39;s Pasta Fresca...Lots of creative dishes but the two that stuck to my-non-Italian-speaking brain was the lasagna and the butternut squash pasta. The lasagna? I loved the mixture of ground beef or sausage in the sauce. Rich, and cheesy as well. It&#39;s like what Zia Ester used to make us when we were kids (without the mangi! mangi! bit)  Did I say rich? Tomato-ee as well. The butternut squash pasta? Creamy and dreamy!  To die for. The Bocca Lupo mouth of wolf next door will be watering when this place launches.  
                  Come here for a solid meat lasagna paired with a Cesar salad. The lasagna is freshly baked and will fill you up without giving you a food coma. It&#39;s like moms cooking, but without the forced seconds and thirds! In fact, the lunch special portion size is just right for one person, and with outdoor seating, it may just be better than moms kitchen table. Enjoy!  
                  The freshly-made pasta was amazing!!! We had the Pasta Carbonara and it was delicious. We also had the Crab and Avocado Salad. It was also completely amazing and delicious. This restaurant serves food wirh high-quality ingredients. The quality really differentiates this restaurant from the rest!! Try it. If you love freshly made pasta cooked to perfection.  
                  Meat lasagna was outstandingly good with a nice side salad. Very high quality. I&#39;m limiting pasta intake these days, but this is where I&#39;ll get my fix when I want some. No issues with the pager or staff as some have reported.  
                  Butternut Squash Ravioli!!! I have tasted it in many many places...from upscale restaurants to home-cooked preparations. This is absolutely the best...a perfect balance of pasta to filling complimented by fresh sage and not at all greasy or slimy. Words cannot describe how impressive the food is at this place! What we have here is four to five star dining in an upscale food court. Their pasta is freshly made with each order placed. One of my companions had the spaghetti bolognese and she&#39;s still talking about how &#34;amazing&#34; it tasted. Pasta Fresca also serves a salad that I cannot stop craving....mixed greens with generous potions of crab (not Dungeness) &amp; avocado. My only regret is that this restaurant isn&#39;t in my neighborhood.  
                  Wow!! This was YUM!!! We had the Chicken Arabiata and it was delicious!!! For the price the portion was good and it came with a salad, I would have preferred more pasta. lol I&#39;m definitely going to give this place another try for something else.  
                  I waited patiently for this pasta restaurant to open.  And it paid off.  I was not not disappointed.  First I ordered the meat lasagna and was more than satisfied with the portion and the taste was spot on. Great pasta texture with a meaty sauce. Second I had the mac n cheese which also satisfied my Hunger for delicious pasta. This is my new go to pasta restaurant.  
                  This place is a new addition to the San Pedro Square market. You can see the imported Italian pasta machine they use in the corner, and the quality shows in the pasta. I ordered a Carbonara, and it turned out exactly as expected, with parmesan and fresh black pepper drizzled on top. The noodles were cooked perfectly, and the color and texture indicated that they do in fact use semolina flour. Prices are reasonable considering the quality, and service was relatively fast. Will be back to try more. Maybe next time I&#39;ll be in the mood for some lasagna...  
                  I have this obsession with butternut squash ravioli and definitely make it a point to try it wherever available so of course I had to order it at Pasta Fresca. The ravioli filling was just to die for. Just enough filling to not explode out of the sides of the ravioli, but plenty so that you aren&#39;t just eating a hollow pillow of pasta with no flavor. The pasta was perfectly light in texture and the brown butter sage sauce complemented the richness of the delectable raviolis. Very delicious!!  
                  New owners and a revamped menu. I come here often when I crave something delicious. I usually get their crab avocado salad which is the best salad I&#39;ve ever eaten in my life. Just recently I decided that I wanted to try a little more on the menu and since I had an appetite, I decided to try the lasagna. It did not disappoint. The portion is a good size that I was able to split it and eat for lunch and dinner. The meat sauce is very good and made from scratch and fresh when you order. I look forward to trying more items off their menu.  
                  Lasagna was delicious and they add a homemade bolognese sauce on top.  Highly recommend. Also the lunch special is a great value. With a drink it was $10 total.  
                  FRESH PASTA!!! Yeah!!!  We had the Carbonera, Pesto, Butter Nut Squash Ravioli, Lasagna, and the Arribiata...Family Style.  It was amazing to me again to experience fresh pasta done correctly...al dente.  My only concern was the Arribiata was a cream sauce that completely threw me because I guess I&#39;m more of a traditionalist when it come to sauces...BUT the chef took my pasta and made a quick arribiata RED sauce with bits of carrots to sweeten which was interesting and tasty ( i had to add more peperoncini cause i love it hot, like the name implies)...and it was AWESOME...in fact we added the sauce to the Raviolis and lapped it up!  The Lasagna was VERY tasty with a great balance and the pesto was fresh and nutty.  Now, the Carbonera...made with Grano Podano and Pancetta, was very buttery and very tasty with the pork...I suggested Guanciali and Pecorino Romano to get a bit traditional, BUT we could not loose! THE PASTA was the true star!  I could eat that stuff all day...it was sooooooo tasty on it own!  Please add more sauces and I&#39;d leave the salad as optional...LOVE the great start...thank you....grazie mille.  
