                  I&#39;m a regular here. You truly are, Phonomenal.  Today was a rainy &amp; dreadful day and I just wanted a bowl of Pho nearby school. My fiance and I headed there and arrived at 8:45 pm. Apparently, they had the close sign in front of the cashier and I was pretty bummed. However, the nice little Vietnamese lady went ahead and took my order and she was nice about it! She has done this twice !  You are a life saver :)  Best pho in town IMO and they give you very decent portions of meat unlike a lot of other Vietnamese places!  
                  Whenever I am in San Pedro my eyes get really large with wondering what to eat. There are so many options!! This place always fulfills my pearl tea/thai ice craving that springs up.. WHAT.... I can have pizza or a pork belly sandwich with boba?? SOLD. It isn&#39;t too sweet and the pearls are always perfect.   The eats aren&#39;t half bad either!! The garlic noodles were satisfying and the popcorn chicken was just the right amount of spice.  I have also gotten the vermicelli noodle bowls and I have no complaints  The wait time isn&#39;t horrendous (max 10 minutes)  
                  oh, gotta love the puns!  Phonomenal is a great little Vietnamese stall in the San Pedro Square market. Pretty decent Vietnamese food, but their meats are a little skimpy, especially on the Korean Short Rib platter.   I&#39;m thrilled they have oxtail pho as a regular item since a lot of places don&#39;t carry this. The broth is text-book perfect and is enough to feed two.  I&#39;ve also had the vermicelli or rice noodle bowl and it hits the spot and includes grilled pork, shrimp and a crispy little egg roll.   They also have a decent selection of milk teas. My favorite is the jasmine milk tea.   This is my go-to lunch spot at San Pedro Square.  
                  This is my go-to pho spot at San Pedro Square Market, and maybe in all of the downtown area.  I usually get their #2 bowl of noodle soup with steak, meatballs, and brisket.  I&#39;m fond of their broth and the ingredients are plentiful. Sad they don&#39;t have tripe.  But still, this bowl is perfect for when your sick.  I&#39;m also a fan of their spring rolls, especially when I feel like eating light.    I&#39;m a big fan of this place for obvious reasons...friendly and attentive customer service, a bowl of hot goodness, an extensive menu, and cleanliness.   In fact, they scored relatively high amongst other pho joints on the Santa Clara County Environmental Health Facility inspection report (SCC DineOut App).  They scored 87 out of 100 in 2015, while many other pho joints in San Jose score below 80.  Phonomenal is one of the cleanest pho joints in San Jose.   That&#39;s pretty phenomenal!  
                  PHONOMENAL in the San Pedro Market Square has some fantastic Asian Fusion! Admittedly, I usually get a burger at Konjoe when at SPMS - but the last two times I have hit up Phonomenal instead.  Last time I had their combo fried rice, and this time I had the chicken pad thai. Both were fresh and tasty! And the portion is huge!  Highly recommended to try this spot - you won&#39;t be disappointed!  4 stars!  
                  We were downtown to see Barry Manilow, and my ex-wife and her husband were along with us, as both the wife and ex-wife are Barry Manilow fans.  Barry who? Yes, we are old farts, as Manilow sang in the 1970s and 80s -when most Yelpers were still in diapers.  The ex-wife had it all planned out that we would eat beforehand at this drinking place called Henry High Life.  When we got there, the line was out the door, so we headed over to San Pedro square.  The line for the Spaghetti Factory was also out the door, and besides my wife doesn&#39;t care for that chain restaurant.  We head inside the common food court with it&#39;s 17 fast food restaurants.  The ex and her husband share a hamburger at Konjoe burger, some oriental Asian burger joint- never heard of an Asian burger joint!  The wife and I head next door at  this Vietnamese place called Phonomenon.  It&#39;s a Pho soup place -what the Pho?  Now I&#39;m not into soups, let alone Pho soups, but do like noodles.   The wife gets the $11 #23 vermicelli rice noodles with pork and beef, prawns, peanuts, carrots, egg roll pieces, pork.  The dish is pretty good , tasty, with ample meat.  The wife skims the top, leaving the almost tasteless noodles.   And I get the $15 #27 seafood over crispy noodles lots of broccoli and cabbage, few pieces of white fish, and 3 prawns.  This dish is on the dry side, as there isn&#39;t much gravy to balance out the crispy noodles -it&#39;s like eating sandpaper, it&#39;s so dry.  This is one of my ex-wife&#39;s favorites, as she loves the Hong Kong style crispy noodles.  Now my ex and her husband finish their burger, and she&#39;s looking enviously at my noodle dish.  She comes over with plate in hand, and asks if she can eat some of my vegetables.  Sure why not?  Chopsticks flash, and one broccoli disappears in her mouth,  then another, and a third.  Finally she grabs one of my prawns, and plops it right in her mouth!   Always tight fisted, my ex is always ready to take advantage of any opening, even though she and her husband both earn six figure incomes.  I check out the neighbors at the communal eating bench table, and see lots of Asians slurping down their soups, with bits of soup splattering over their tops -good to wear a dark color, and not white when eating Pho soups.  Mediocre service in getting the dish, and you are supposed to bus your trays and  bowls and separate by trash, trays, and bowls on exiting, but lots of people just leave their dishes on the communal table.  I didn&#39;t see anyone picking up the dishes, nor cleaning the table tops.    We just do hike on over to the SAP center to catch the 730pm show.    And they do validate parking at Phonomenal.    List of the 17 fast food places in San Pedro square at: //www.sanpedrosquaremarket.com/eat/  We will definitely eat somewhere else, as Phonomenal is anything but.  
                  It&#39;s decent Vietnamese food for the area but it&#39;s pretty pricy compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose. It&#39;s ideal for lunch during the weekdays. I love their shaken beef and their milk teas. But not so much: the line, the wait time and the sweet n sour pork.  
                  I came on a great day during sf beer week! The lively drums and sax contributed to a sweet atmosphere.   I only wanted a quick bite to eat so I ordered the BBQ meat with shrimp fresh rolls..that were indeed rolled to perfection, phonomenally! (I always loved the ingenuity  of pho restaurants!--though this place had more to offer than the usual)  The service was quick and met with smiles. They had many choices to offer. Overall, It was pretty g, but a tad bit expensive compared to other Vietnamese fare establishments. But it is relatively similar to all business in the market place.  
                  We met up for lunch with a couple friends over at San Pedro Square. Our friends were heading to Phonomenal for a few bowls of pho and it seemed like an excellent plan. Any day is a good day for soup to me. The broth was very good, I ate my pho spicy as usual.   In addition to the Pho, I ordered up the Salt and Pepper Crab for around $15. This plate was beautiful, delicious and so large that it provided enough crab for three meals. I gladly took this to work as lunch leftovers and made all my coworkers jealous.   Loved the food, it was fast, inexpensive and easy. What else can you ask for?!  
                  This place is underrated in my opinion. For the price, it was very good pho. Meat was tender and tasty and the broth had a great flavor with great seasoning and the standard accoutrement. It came out fresh and hot. For under $10, go here for your pho fix and consider yourself satisfied. I&#39;d come back for sure.  
                  Fusion.  Definitely fusion food.  They have a pretty wide selection of Vietnamese food, but some ingredients have been altered.    I ordered the spring rolls with pork and shrimp and was pleasantly surprised by the amount of food I got for what paid, but this is in comparison to restaurants that typically charge $6 for TWO spring rolls as appetizers.  I paid $7 for 4 fresh spring rolls.  Like I said, some of the more traditional ingredients were swapped out and replaced with carrots and iceberg lettuce.  A bit odd, but still good.    I like that this place is located in the San Pedro Market in a food court style setup so you could try a bunch if food.  
                  Phonomenal actually deserves a 3.5 because there&#39;s nothing better than having a sweet Vietnamese family trying to make Vietnamese food look appealing to a young, hip and mostly non-Vietnamese crowd in downtown SJ.   However, the thing with Asian food is either you go all the way or just don&#39;t call it Asian. Despite this prior knowledge, I wanted some spring rolls at that moment anyway. For $7, I had 4 pieces that were smaller than a typical Vietnamese deli&#39;s. They had an interesting taste. Even with all the basic ingredients of a spring roll, they managed to look floppy and strange. I liked them enough to enjoy this meal but probably not enough to spend $7 on these again.  
                  The food at Phonomenal is just ok. I&#39;ve eaten here probably 6 or 7 times for lunch. The length of time to wait is fairly inconsistent, but usually ends up being longer than I would have liked to wait. Of the times I&#39;ve had lunch there, they&#39;ve gotten my order wrong twice.  
                  This noodle place at San Pedro Square Market has been around for a while and I hadn&#39;t gotten around to trying it until recently. I was in a noodle mood, so I came here to check out the menu. The oxtail soup sounded delicious, but I ended up ordering #5 the veggie rice noodle soup, which comes with tofu and a whole lot of veggies. After I placed my order and paid (with credit card via square), I was given one of those buzzer pager things. It wasn&#39;t very busy at Phonomenal and I&#39;d say that my food took somewhere between 5 and 10 minutes to come out. My noodles came in a real bowl and on a cafeteria style tray. They also gave me a little sauce cup of hoisin and sriracha, as well as a little tray of sprouts and pepper slices. There was a lot of broccoli and carrots and cabbage (which I love), as well as celery (which I&#39;m not a fan of). The tofu and the rice noodles were yummy. I was really craving noodles and this really hit the spot. I&#39;ll definitely come back to try the oxtail soup and maybe some of their other offerings. It&#39;s a little more pricier than pho/Vietnamese food places, which are so abundant in San Jose, but still not bad since most of the dishes are under $10. Also, the name is awesome!  
                  Quick review update for their boba-  it&#39;s good!   I got the Thai milk tea, which you can&#39;t REALLY screw up, but the boba was on point.   Chewy, sweet, and delicious.   $4 for a large, $3.5 for small.  expensive,  but they kinda have a monopoly so when you&#39;ve got a craving, you really have no choice but to pony up the cash.  Still not enough to dock a star though.  
                  Very good food. I just tried the fried rice. It was soooo goooood! I would recommend this place. Just need to have a little patient with the guy who takes your order since he has a strong accent, which i loved!  
                  I am Vietnamese and I have to say this place has the best pho in town!! The meat, oxtail, broth are so fresh and delicious. Service is awesome too. The owner is super nice and polite. I would come back for more.  
                  I got the noodle soup with chicken. It was delicious!!! It was a good size. I didn&#39;t even finish it. The service was really fast for lunch hour.  
                  #23 and the oxtail soup are probably my favorites. Some dishes aren&#39;t as good as expected like honey walnut shrimp (a little too flour-y) compared to a lot of other places, but these two are usually pretty good to stick to.   Haven&#39;t tried the pho but the service was great. Really nice people working the cashier.  
                  Instead of getting pho like most people would, I opted for a sandwich. I have found that most NorCal pho broths are heavy in MSG, which I don&#39;t like, so I have been reluctant to get pho. I was in a sandwich mood anyway so I was glad they had 3 types of sandwiches - steak, pork, and chicken. I went with pork.   The sandwich was okay. The jalapeños weren&#39;t spicy, but lent it a fresh crunch. What I didn&#39;t like was the mayo in the sandwich. It was pretty heavily slathered on too. I wiped it off with napkins and didn&#39;t eat some parts of the bread that had a lot of it. If you aren&#39;t a mayo fan, I would steer clear of their sandwiches.  
                  This deserves 3.5 stars.  I&#39;ve eaten here many times when I go to trivia night at San Pedro.  I really like Viet Namese food, and this place is good.  The main issue is there is so much good Pho in San Jose, its hard to give this a 4 or 5 star rating in comparison.  If you are at San Pedro and you like Pho, eat here for sure.  But don&#39;t go out of your way, there are many other great Pho places not too far away (Pho Kim Long, Vespa, Pho Viet)  
                  I was pretty slammed by the time I got to Phonomenal, haha.   It was one of those girls night out and it&#39;s really been a long week. I mean, I was craving pho for days but apparently, in Downtown SJ where I live, I honestly hadn&#39;t been able to find a decent pho place to be my go to.   I wouldn&#39;t called Phonomenal my go to, but definitely when I need to provide my body with pre hang over food and sober up enough to walk home, haha. The ladies were super sweet! I got there about 5 minutes till 10pm and they were ready to bounce! I strolled over and asked if they were opened, secretly hoping it was yes. TO MY HAPPINESS, she said only for the soups and I was like, OMG there is a god because that&#39;s all I wanted.   A quick skim over the menu and there wasn&#39;t much to choose from. I really wanted something with beef and tripe but I don&#39;t think tripe was on the menu so I had a regular pho with the rare beef (7.95) The combination of hunger and consumption of alcohol an my craving, it was absolutely delicious though I only had a combined of about three bites and huge servings of the broth.   It was all there! The flavors were really rich and blended in with the cilantro and onions and beef and bean sprouts. The noodles were chewy and not to mushy, I was really happy and actually expected a lot less since it was inside San Pedro Square and catered to more of an melting pot sort of clientel- unlike the hole in the wall Vietnamese place with the authentic. I didn&#39;t expect it to be so close to authentic.   They also took credit card, which was a super plus for me.  I ended up taking it home, AND DAMNNNNNNNN, the next morning after I woke up. I heated up the soup and the noodles and BAM, to the head it was like drinking a bloody mary without the bloody mary, warmed my body and healed my hangover and like a champ, I was ready for work.  I recommend the place for anybody looking for a bite, but the options are pretty limited if your&#39;e looking for your standard pho. It&#39;s more of a express pho place, but definitely got my moneys worth!  
                  This place is located off San Pedro square in the food court closest to Almaden. Excellent Pho Ga (chicken soup).  The broth is very flavorful.  Right amount of herbs, to include fried onions, which a lot of Vietnamese soup places forget.  The chicken was white meat, tender and there was lots of it.  Noodles were perfectly cooked and the temperature was perfect.  Price point reasonable.  Can&#39;t wait to try other menu items at this little place.  
                  PARKING Street, validation, garage  SEATING open seating in San Pedro Square  FOOD I&#39;m so glad that they have Asian food at San Pedro. I&#39;m always craving pho, especially after some drinking. I have no complaints about it and I have definitely come back for more.  DRINKS I&#39;ve recently tried their jasmine milk tea and it&#39;s pretty damn good. They had just finished making the pearls so they told me to wait a minute but I didn&#39;t listen. The pearls were perfect, extremely fresh and not chewy. I shared it with three other people and we were shocked by how good it was.  ACCEPTS CREDIT CARDS :)  I definitely want to try some of their other dishes here.  
                  YUM I&#39;m a sucker for some good chicken wings and for 8 WHOPPING wings to be only $8 was a steal. I couldn&#39;t help myself. The quality was superb. The wait was a bit longer than expected (maybe it was just longer cuz we were excited and hungry) but it was such a pleasant surprise!!!!! It was fried to perfection, still juicy with the perfect crunch on the outside. We also buckled down to get the oxtail soup (pho duoi bo) and wow that was a yummy surprise too. Can&#39;t wait to visit again next time.  
                  Their chopsticks suck, 10 bucks for a bowl of pho..yeah not my cup of tea.   Customer service is alright and of course parking is horrible. Plenty of space to sit but not intimate whatsoever.  Enough said......  
                  Headache, pains in the joints and muscles, fever, sinus congestion....these were our symptoms as we walked into this place like zombies. MUST HAVE PHO NOW. The husband (who looks like an older Manny Pacquiao) and wife owners, are really nice. They suggested pho #2, which is one of their best sellers, cuz we&#39;d never been here bepho and were too weak to think.  Pacquiao...err...I mean, the owner delivered hot bowls of brothy brisket and meatball goodness ($7.25) to our table. I had a few sips and BAM...my sinuses cleared up and the yuckiness I was feeling slowly dissipated! I phokin LOVE the broth! I wanted to toss the little plastic spoon they gave us and just pick up the bowl and pour it into my head....can I just get a straw please?!?! How about an IV drip??! It is phonomenal pho sure because of all the noodles, veggies, and meat! The bowls were huge, enough pho two people to share. Don&#39;t phoget to add the lime &amp; tear up some basil in there too.  The pho was so tasty that we came back the next day and tried the seafood pho (~$10). It also had lots of noodles, veggies, shrimp, squid and imitation crab. I was kind of disappointed they didn&#39;t use real crab. I&#39;ll phogive them pho that because the pho was delightful.  I&#39;m glad this is in the San Pedro Square Market, I can always walk here from my place pho more pho. I hope their pho is phonomenal pho ever! I was going to give them pho stars because I&#39;ve only tried a few items and I wanted real crab but pho kit! 5 stars it is!  
                  Tried out Phonomenal a Vietnamese stand in the San Pedro Market Bldg #2 on Almaden Ave inside.  Menu is hard to read because it&#39;s way too high &amp; too small!  We got:  Fresh springrolls with meat (Pork I think) &amp; shrimp $5.75 - an order comes with 4, they are huge, tasted ok, nothing special.  peanut sauce on the side.  Chicken pho - good size bowl with some boneless chicken meat.  basil, sprouts given on the side - small plate with hot sauce in a cup.  Seafood pho - I wanted oxtail soup but they ran out!  Seafood pho was just ok, nothing special.  Vietnamese iced coffee $3.5 - they made it for me, no drip container which I like better.  Tasted fine.  Kept me away for the show - good.  Charged my meal, they take Visa/MC.  Bathrooms: behind BLUSH.  
                  I came here when another restaurant in SPSM turned me down because they were out of everything. The man at the register was friendly, but it was hard to make a special request or ask too many specific questions as it seemed English was not his first language. I thought &#34;No problem, as long as he gets my order right&#34; I ordered the shaken beef, spicy and the combo plate (chicken, beef, pork) and asked that they do not put pork, instead sub chicken or beef. When he brought the food to the table, my bf noticed that one of the beef on the combo plate looks like pork. So I went back and a lady from the back came out and I asked her if she knew what kind of meat was on my plate. She looked and said with a puzzled look on her face, &#34;that&#39;s pork&#34; as she pointed to the meat in question. I told her I asked for no pork and Now the other guy came running out from the back and somehow knew what we were discussing, and said it was not pork, it was beef. Umm, okay, but why does this &#34;beef&#34; look different than the piece right next to it?? I didn&#39;t get a straight answer, just that it was, in fact, beef. I came back with the tray and told my bf what happened, so he shrugged and figures it was a different cut of beef or something, but when he tasted it, he was sure it was pork.  He is not much of a pork fan, so he didn&#39;t eat any more of it, although he said it tasted okay. My &#34;spicy&#34; shaken beef wasn&#39;t spicy, but it had a lot of flavor. I was a little disappointed that there seemed to be more peppers and onions than beef on my plate. I&#39;m the person in my group who always gets made fun of for getting full about half way through my meal, but I ate it all and still could have eaten more. Ican only speak for the rice plates so if they made the actual beef portion larger, I might come back, otherwise this is about the same stuff you can get anywhere in SJ.  
                  Honestly, the last thing I would expect to show up at SPSM would be a pho joint. But a nice, warm bowl of soup is never something that I pass up, so I knew I had to try it!  Overall, the pho was mediocre. The meat was tender and the broth was ok. I definitely had better, but I guess if I&#39;m in the mood for it on a cold day at the market, I&#39;d swing by again. They also have some meat and rice dishes, spring rolls, and combo fried rice to add to their menu.  
                  Well, this place used to be phonomenal but now it is just phokay.   Not sure what happened but they have been really skimping on ingredients lately.... the BF and I love to get their chicken pho to-go at least once every couple of weeks, but the last few times we have only each had about four small slices of chicken in the &#34;large&#34; sizes (put together, the chicken equals about 1/4 a breast of meat). Plus, no more limes and only a couple of leaves of basil to taste.   Still one of the better places for pho in the area (not too salty and good flavor), but give us more chicken and other good stuff! especially since it is not exactly cheap.   I will say though that the people that work there are genuinely friendly and get you your food quickly and with a smile. Always appreciated after a long, busy day of working!  
                  I never plan to have mind blowing pho. I ordered the combo and enjoyed it. I like egg noodle sometimes so I added that for $2. A little more than $$ overall but that&#39;s expected bring it n San Pedro market. What I did not like was all the paper and plastic products that go into the landfills . Wood chip stocks , plastic fork and spoon , food boat , sauce cup. It would be phenomenal if this place stepped  up and went greener.  
                  I work close to San Pedro Square Market and like to try the different restaurants there all the time. Whenever I am feeling a cold coming on or craving Asian Phonomenal is my go to.   I always get the chicken noodle soup and have never been let down. I see that people said the meat to veggie ratio is off, but I always seem to have way more chicken leftover than I need. The crispy onion is great and I have been happy every time I have ordered here.   If you are craving pho definitely come here and give it a try!  
                  I&#39;ve been here several times. its Phó &amp; close to SAP before Sharks games.  The soup here is decent, not really worthy of their prices, but not bad. Seems like they pass their high rent on to you the customer. Sometimes it feels like they skimp on their meat portions as well. The ingredients don&#39;t quite resemble other places, but the broth is tasty enough. Like I said, not really worthy of their price for a large bowl of phó.  What you will find frustrating, if you like traditional Phó, is they only give you a tiny cup of Siracha &amp; Plum sauce mixed together. Most places have generous containers of Siracha, plum, fish, red pepper flakes, etc. for every table along with chopsticks &amp; large spoons. This will not be your experience here. In fact you will be given the cheapest wooden chopsticks I&#39;ve had the pleasure to eat with &amp; a small, flimsy plastic spoon that will frustrate diners who enjoy finishing every last drop of their broth.  All said, their Phó Ga is pretty good for a scratchy throat, or on a rainy day, if you&#39;re in the neighborhood. If you&#39;re anywhere else in San Jose, you&#39;ll probably have better options.  
                  San Pedro never ceases to surprise me. Conveniently located pho joint after a round of drinks?! Thank you!  My friends and I checked out SP2 the other night since it&#39;s relatively new and they have a great Happy Hour. Once HH was over at 7, we migrated to the other bars at San Pedro. By 9:30pm, we were already drunk and ready to call it a night haha. Luckily, Phonomenal is open until 10pm, so we quickly walked over and ordered 3 bowls of pho with steak and meatballs. The broth was slightly on the salty side causing me to be really thirsty (I was also dehydrated from all the alcohol though), but the noodles were chewy and not soggy at all. Really hit the spot! Each bowl was only $7.75 and comes with a side of lime, bean sprouts, and basil.  If only it was open later on the weekend (past midnight please!) for us drunkards so we don&#39;t have to Yelp and drive to a late night pho restaurant in San Jose or Milpitas after a night of drinking. :)  
                  I didn&#39;t find the flavors or the portions to be what I thought they should be or what I am used to. Tons of vermicelli and salad and not much meat in fact mostly fat.  I think it is really expensive for what you get and likely will not return until it is Pho season (cooler) if at all.  
                  My cousin and I were looking for a post-weekend remedy, aka, a pho place, but the one we usually go to closes on Monday&#39;s so.. I stumbled upon Phonomenal. I actually never knew a pho place existed in the Market, but thank you Yelp for bringing that to my attention.  I&#39;m not sure how I feel about an English menu because I think it takes away from the authenticity of the Vietnamese culture, but the man who took my order was very polite when I wanted to confirm that #1 was pho tai bo vien and #6 was pho ga.  We ordered our food, and sat down. After a very short wait, our food was brought to us with disposable spoons, chopsticks and a very small container of sriracha and hoisin sauce. The server was very kind to bring us out a whole bottle of sriracha after I asked if I could have more.  A missing star because the pho was pricey, and my bo tai was super over cooked. I know, I&#39;m a tough critic. But the broth was so yummy and because of that, I&#39;ll be back.  
                  I visit the San Pedro Square location most Fridays. The owners are very friendly and helpful, and I love the way they pack the to go food so carefully, with salad packed separately so it doesn&#39;t wilt. Very fresh, generous portions, and even my picky Asian friends say it is delicious. I&#39;ve never seen anything but a clean plate at the end of lunch. In my opinion, the best value at San Pedro Square.  
                  The oxtail pho is super legit!  Three big oxtails, delicious broth, nice noodles.  A side of bean sprouts, lime, jalapenos, etc.  The meat on the oxtails is like butter.  Super delicious, you can tell that they stew these for a long time.  The price is reasonable.  They also sell liter bottles of the delicious Mexican Coca Cola.  This place is good.  Go try the delicious oxtail pho.  
                  Growing up in East San Jose, I have eaten at my fair share of pho places and it takes a lot for something to stand out, but Phonomenal definitely stands out.  I finally made it to San Pedro Market and after perusing all the merchants, my sisters and I decided to get warm pho for a cold night.  We ordered the fried rice special, the BBQ pork sticks, beef and meatballs pho and spring rolls.  The spring rolls were out of this world.  Their rolls come with a healthy portion of veggies, BBQ pork, shrimp and sauce.  The BBQ pork was so tasty and brought a new element of flavor to an already amazingly yummy spring rolls.  The order comes with 4 and they&#39;re pretty large rolls!  The pho was tasty and hearty plus they don&#39;t skimp on anything.  The fried rice was also good and went perfectly with the BBQ pork sticks.    I was worried that I would regret ordering vietnamese when there were so many other options available at San Pedro Market, but we didn&#39;t regret our choice at all.  
                  I have not found a really good pho place in downtown San Jose, so from that point of view, the broth was actually good and hearty; broth had good flavor and aroma. We had the oxtail and #2 which was eye round, meat balls, and brisket. Not a lot of meat, i think there were about 3 pieces of each cut of meat. The oxtail was tasty but it could have been brewing in the broth for another 2 hours or so to make the meat more tender. Price was $9.75 for oxtail and $7.75 for the #2. Size was slightly bigger than the small at pho places in east San Jose. I would definitely go back for lunch during the work week when I&#39;m craving for pho and don&#39;t have enough time to drive to east San Jose. Place is close to work, and I like the San Pedro Market businesses.  Tip: if you order the Oxtail, the small soup spoon provided will be too small and flimsy to hold the oxtail. I kept thinking &#34;I should bring my own soup spoon next time&#34; while gnawing on the meat.  
                  Last night I ate here for the first time. I had the veggie and tofu stir fry over rice noodles with some hot sauce on the side. The meal was quite tasty. The veggies and noodles were done just right. But the tofu tasted dry and chewy, like it was cooked ahead of time.   If the tofu tasted better, I would have given them 4 stars. I liked the fact that the dish had a lot of cabbage and other vegetables. This is the best vegetarian dish I&#39;ve had in San Pedro Market. I also liked that they served it on a ceramic plate instead of a throw-away plate. I&#39;ll definitely be back again.  
                  day after Valentine&#39;s, great service &amp; great food,price is reasonable.   I had the vermicelli noodle bowl, noodles not to sticky, great temperature n enough tasty meat n shrimp, the fiancee had the beef ribs plate and he devoured it and said best he&#39;s had, probably cuz he was hungover lol.  
                  I stopped by real quick while waiting for a bus for a fast meal. The servers at this place were fairly friendly, but the pho here is not really worth your time nor is it worth a long review. It had a decent amount of food and was a bit bland.   2 stars for the food, 4 stars for the friendly service.  
                  Phonomenal is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch. It&#39;s part of the San Pedro Square Market complex. There is always plenty of seating and they offer all of the favorites - spring rolls, rice plates, pho, banh mi, and vietnamese coffee.  I&#39;ve tried their beef pho, chicken pho, and veggie pho (mixed veggies and either silken or fried tofu, topped with fried shallots). All are priced around $7-8. I enjoyed them all. Before eating at Phonomenal, I had never had veggie pho before, but I thought it was an excellent non-meat alternative. Who knew veggie broth could be so tasty?  The chicken pho is still my favorite, though! The chicken is tender and they give mixed white and dark meat. Their broth is really tasty and the portions are generous! I&#39;m so lucky to work near this yummy establishment :).  
                  Congrats, Phonomenal!  Today marks their grand opening.    It&#39;s a perfect addition to San Pedro Square Market, which is expanding its business over the last past year.  This general area is definitely becoming a go to place for lunch, dinner, and/or happy hour.  I ordered a #3 large (pho with brisket, $8.93) to go.  I thought it was a bit pricy, but then the portion is pretty decent for both noodles and meat.  The broth was also decent.  Great, friendly service.  I will definitely come back.  
                  The pork skewer appetizer was quite good. I would definitely order it again when in the San Pedro Market.  
                  Oxtail a little chewy but otherwise always delish.  
                  They are pretty phonomenal.....except when they run out of pearl tea ;-)  I usually get a combo of veggie + chicken pho, with extra basil. YUM. I took my Vietnamese friend here, and she got the house special (with tons of meat). She said the broth was too sweet, but she is one tough critic. Overall, I think she said it was solid. This is high praise coming from her.   I ordered a veggie only pho one time, and it didn&#39;t have the same flavor as the chicken, so now I do the veggie-chicken combo.   I&#39;m stoked to have decent pho near my office.  
                  Phonomenal is in the san Pedro Square Marketplace. There are 2 buildings to this complex, and they are in the other building, where there isn;t as much foot traffic.   It is a small establishment in a eclectic food court set-up. The owners are friendly and nice. The Pho is pretty decent, but a little more in price than your normal Pho dive in Little Saigon in San Jose.   I ordered the #1 Pho Tai Bo Vien (rare beef slices, and beef balls) and it was $7.95. It came in one of those Dansk-like Euro white deep bowls, not the 99 Ranch plastic red or blue bowls. BUt that isn&#39;t important to me, after all, this is a food court, not a stand alone restaurant with fancy decor. So perhaps the high rent of San Pedro Marketplace and the fancy white bowl makes the Pho a dollar or two more than on Story, Tully or McGlaughlin.   The Pho had good flavor in the broth, was fairly clear and not overly muddy with quick beef flavorings, but the condiments were doled out in a small disposable plastic plate, not the larger tray of fresh mint, sprouts, chilis that you get in some other places.   I wish them the best. It is in a convenient location for DTSJ workers. But If I am driving around in my car looking for Pho, I have a few other places in San Jose that I prefer more.   I think this is Pho review number 104? I lost track after I ate Pho in my 100th different establishment.  
                  I have my standards when it comes to Pad Thai. Price was on the high side but the quality was good. It was however convenient since I worked across the street. I just wish it had more sauce in it. But overall it was good.  
                  I lived in downtown San Jose for a couple years and I am always learning new things about the area. The BF and I were hungry so before our night class, we went to grab a quick bite at San Pedro Square, which is one of my FAVORITE places to go in downtown.    After yelping for Pho restaurants, I&#39;ve seen the name Phonomenal pop up several times but I never knew where it was.  Little did I know that it was hidden in my favorite little hotspot, so of course I gave it a try.  I got #23-grilled pork and shrimp with egg rolls over vermicelli.  The flavors were fresh and colorful, and very well proportioned.  What I liked about this place was that it feels much &#34;cleaner&#34; than your typical pho restaurant.  I also enjoyed the egg rolls which were crispy, and not greasy at all.  Plus, the servers are really nice, they bring your order to your table which isn&#39;t really necessary (since its food court style) but they do it anyway.  
                  I ordered the sweet and sour pork and thought the food was great. The service was very friendly and helpful. I would go back to this place  
                  Before you get confused or excited, I was here yesterday at San Pedro Square and had 2 intentions: get a bowl of pho for my daughter and to shop at SJ Made.  I rarely eat Vietnamese food, Asian cuisine in general but I do know that pho is my daughter&#39;s favorite so we stopped by here first prior to my shopping endeavor (in which case I didn&#39;t buy anything but the peanut butter brittle w/ pretzels in it).    Service was super friendly - a nice delight from what I have experienced at other establishments.  I greeted the lady in Vietnamese and got a surprised and shocked look.  I don&#39;t know what the hell I look like but nobody ever guessed Vietnamese.  Am I a funny looking Vietnamese girl?  Anyway... I looked at the menu and knew I needed to get a bowl of pho w/ tai and bo vien (steak and beef meatballs) w/o any onions and cilantro; she doesn&#39;t know what she&#39;s missing as I normally ask for extra onions and cilantro.    We grabbed a table by Blush and before I had a chance to contemplate whether or not I should spend on lunch for myself, her food was being delivered.  Condiments (tuong ot and tuong den) are normally served in condiment cups but since my daughter wanted just tuong den, he gave her the bottle.  The one thing I did not like was that the spoon and chopsticks did not go w/ the bowl and dish.  Real chopsticks and real spoons (whether plastic or porcelain) should be its utensils... otherwise everything would have been perfect.  I tried 3 spoons of the soup since she did not finish it and I must say that it was delicious.  I liked the tai very much too as it wasn&#39;t tough or chewy.  I did not get a chance to try the bo vien but I am sure if I did, my daughter wouldn&#39;t have been able to enjoy any.    I looked around and saw all of the surrounding tables ordered pho and we were the only Asian patrons.  I thought that was funny but we sat in a bustling area in peace.  If you wanted to know, I decided not to spend $8-$12 on myself since I planned to get desserts today at Claim Jumper because I will embark on a no sweets challenge for exactly one week.  The Chocolate Motherlode Cake is 6 layers and cost me $10.99 (they increased the price by a dollar) but it was well worth it.  &#34;Bye-bye chocolate for 7 days&#34;.  P.S. I love San Pedro Square Market!  
                  First time here. Had the #4. Broth was good. They skimp on the basil. I didn&#39;t like how I got a little cup of hoisin and sriracha mixed together. I would try this place again, though and check out their other items like PadThai and Spring rolls.  
                  As SJ MADE Holiday Edition came to a close, I was getting hungry again and craving pho.   What the Pho? Phonomenal was there to the rescue in the San Pedro Market. The owners here were very attentive and helpful. I went with the number 2: beef flank and beef balls. Large was the only size they had. SCORE! After I made my purchase, I waited for my order. Instead of waiting for my order, the owner insisted that my order will be brought to me. The seating here was kinda limited since vendors were breaking down there booths.  Once I found a place to sit, a couple of minutes later my order is brought out to me. The pho was piping hot. The flank was nice and tender. The beef balls were soft and chewy. PAUSE! The rice noodles were soft and broke apart very easily.  for $7.25, this meal was affordable and filling. My pho craving was put at ease. Thanks Phonomenal  
                  Broth is great, service is decent.  But every time I ask to have Beef Tendon instead of meatballs and everytime I get nothing.  Quite upset about it.  On the plus side you can have a great beer from Market Beer, so life isn&#39;t all bad.  
                  Glad there is a pho place within walking distance from my work!  Been here twice, had the chicken pho both times, tasted the beef pho. Today was here with Sabrina C. (yay!) who seemed to enjoy it as well.   It&#39;s good quality pho, generous enough portions and reasonably authentic.  There was no MSG hangover (which is a super duper plus for me) nor an insatiable desire to throw myself into a vat of water to rehydrate from being over-salted.  The waitstaff are nice and you get table service as well despite the atmosphere being more cafeteria style.  I&#39;ll definitely be coming back here again during lunch, though I would not seek it out if I were not already really close by.   I admit when they first opened I was suspicious of its catchy name, modern dishware and location, but am happily and pleasantly surprised that the quality of the soup stands on its own.  It is pricier than what you typically get (maybe even 5 or 5 blocks away), but it&#39;s clean, new, and very convenient.  
                  Their veggie spring rolls are phonemenol...their pho was pretty good too. Vietnamese coffee sold here along with other specialty dessert drinks.  
                  This place certainly lives up to its name, and may be making some of the best Pho in the Bay area.  The beef broth is rich, dark, and complex. The basil, jalapeños, bean sprouts are fresh. What more could you ask for on a gloomy overcast day? (Their shrimp fried rice is also quite good, even though it&#39;s not on the menu).  
                  My friends and I were at San Pedro Square on Saturday night and usually always get pizza but we were both in the mood for something different. I ordered the mixed vegetable soup and the vegetable egg rolls. I ended up getting the vegetable summer rolls when they delivered my food. Where the rice paper was touching the plate, the rolls were very slimy and soggy as if they had been premade. I definetely would not order these again. I thought the soup had really good broth, they had nice size portion and they have a great seating area, especially with kids.I could do without the dinky plastic spoon as they sink into broth easily and the service left much to be desired.  
                  The budget says go here and it&#39;s close to mi casa  
                  For a nice little food stand tucked inside the San Pedro Square Market, I can&#39;t complain. The food was good, and the prices were decent. The staff were exceptionally friendly, and more welcoming then the normal people who would work at a full-sized pho restaurant.  Granted the food might not be as great as some other favorite pho spots I&#39;ve been too.. and without a doubt it barely reaches the level that my mother could make... but shoot, it sure as hell fights to be up there. As such, the broth (how a pho place should be rated upon and what defines if it is great or not) was wonderfully made and tasted fresh, clean, and without any greasiness (which some might argue fat is a good thing... which in some cases I might agree too).  The broth.. and omg.. the broth.. yes.. It is what gives this place my high regards. I cannot deny the broth here is &#34;phonomenal&#34;... lol. Great job.  Other menu items like the bbq beef and french fries also come out amazingly delicious. Had an order of their bbq short ribs.. and they just melted in my mouth.. the seasoning, the sauce.. well marinated sweetness that takes a place like L&amp;L Hawaiian BBQ.. and gives it shame. Truly a great treat.  
                  This is a strange kind of place for the Square. Th rest of the places seem like high class catering companies how opened up store fronts. This seems like a loving caring family restaurant in the middle of metropolis.  I love it, my fiancée loves it. I would recommend this place to anyone interested in knowing what Pho tastes like.  
                  Phonomenal is my go-to pho place.  I&#39;m not a huge pho connoisseur but when the craving hits me this place hits the spot!  I&#39;m pretty boring and get the vegetable pho every time but Phonomenal definitely gave this vegetable pho some thought which I appreciate.  The tofu and abundance of vegetables is really good which makes a bowl of it a very filling meal.  I have gotten it both to eat at SPS market and to take home.  Every time the staff has been so nice and helpful.  I will be coming back for more and more pho cravings to come!  
                  3.5 stars.   Probably one of the better places to eat at San Pedro square.  Had the special, ox tail soup.  The broth was really good, flavorful.  The ox tail was good.. but just a little over cooked, a little on the small side.  The Bún ch was good, much bigger than than the soup noodles.   Everything was good overall, but a little pricey... but good for san pedro square.  
                  Phonomenal is located inside San Pedro Square Market right next to Konjoe Burger Bar. I had originally wanted to try Phonomenal because their food looked really delicious! So, I ordered #23 which had vermicelli, grilled shrimp, eggrolls, and pork. The picture of #23 on their menu had looked really yummy, so I had chosen that over pho. I was super hungry that day, so I was ready to eat. But what was really frustrating was that I waited 25 minutes just to receive my food. I waited each time they had their food ready, hoping it was for me. People who had ordered way long after me, had already received their meal.  What kind of system is that?! Their kitchen should prioritize on making the orders for customers who ordered first and not the other way around. That&#39;s disappointing. Back to the food, it was pretty good. I was so hungry to the point that I forgot to even take a picture of it! Their veggies were fresh and eggrolls were crunchy. You get four small pieces of the shrimp. They were really dry though, so I was not a big fan of it. Their pork was really yummy and I love that they didn&#39;t skimp on that. Love the fish sauce that comes with it. Prices are a bit more expensive compared to the other Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose. Otherwise, they are pretty good and can compare with them. I was going to give Phonomenal four stars; however, I&#39;m deducting a star for that 25 minutes wait. Let&#39;s hope that the next time I am back, I will not need to wait that long for my food again.  
                  Pros: Really good broth Nice size portion Great seating area inside San Pedro Square Well made pho   Cons: Dinky plastic spoon sinks into broth easily Not enough basil No bottles of sriracha or hoisin at the table - just a small container Ask for beef on the side if possible - gets dry quickly  
                  I came here for lunch and ordered a number 4, pho with meat balls and flank and steak. The soup was salty and sweet, but was too much on the salty side for me when it got to the end and the richness in the broth tasted kind of MSG-ish. Also, some of the beef was old and shiny. I&#39;m not sure I&#39;ll come back, other pho places are better.  
                  I was hunger for PHO ! San Jose has a lot of super good Pho places, but I wasn&#39;t near any of them ! LOL  The Pho was ok . I would come back and try something else next time. This is a small food court. Clean, good choices . they have a bunch of places to eat inside and out side. Nice area plenty parking  
                  My favorite place to have pho in San Jose. I&#39;ve had pho at many places in the Bay Area and none of them compare. The staff are so friendly and never skimp on anything. Prices are reasonable too.  The summer rolls, beef/meatball pho and the BBQ pork sandwich are my favorites.  
                  Surprisingly I never realized that this place actually served pho or that it was called Phonomenal.  I always thought it was a Cambodian restaurant before actually eating here... haha.  Anyhow, finally got the chance to try it today after eating at Bocca Lupo around the way.  We carefully chose to order the Summer rolls with BBQ (they seem to have Chinese sausage in them).  There are a number of non traditional ingredients in this one, like a type of yellow noodles, egg, and carrots.   were fresh and The combination was actually pretty good and they provided the all too important peanut dipping sauce that I love with a side of hot sauce.  YUM.  Second this we ordered were the seafood egg rolls that I choose.  They were delicious and hot.  I would recommend this friend simple snack.  I couldn&#39;t exactly tell if there was seafood inside since the egg rolls were so thin but they tasted pretty decent.   I think all the egg rolls or summer rolls are pretty safe bets here.  Some of the rice dishes look pretty delish, but I usually go to Dakao for that across downtown.   Overall, all the items here seem to be fresh and made to order which is awesome!  Seems like a decently healthy place to eat at.  I had a tough time figuring out if this place was really Vietnamese or not, because many of the menu items are all unique fusion plays on traditional Vietnamese dishes.  The only things that is questionable to me is the Pho... the pictures don&#39;t look too great.  
                  Amazing!  High quality cooked-to-order food, caring personalized service, and low prices?  From a food court vendor?  Phonomenal is a huge asset to the growing San Pedro Market.  The owners are the sweetest folks and really care that you get food you like.  They will customize, so go ahead and ask if you have food preferences.  We&#39;ve had the pho, fried rice, fried veggie rolls, summer rolls, fried rice, and shaken beef.  All has been good to excellent.  The fried veggie rolls were expertly fried -- crisp but not overloaded with oil.  Summer rolls are made to order, so they can alter ingredients if you like.  These come in a huge order for $5.25 to $6.  Shaken beef was tender.  Been 3 times already and expect that this will become a regular meal spot.  How can you go wrong?  Sweet service, great food, low prices, and excellent coffee to complement your meal from B2 in the adjacent building.  
                  Phonomenal Noodle House is within a very short walking distance from my home. For this, I&#39;m very glad. The bowls of noodle soup are pretty epic. The servings are so not skimpy.  My fave is the oxtail pho. It&#39;s messy but-so-comforting. I just really like eating oxtail meat right off the bones. The meat is very tender. Gosh, it&#39;s soooo delicious!  I&#39;ve also had the chicken pho. It was a super-delicious bowl of soup. The chicken pieces were big. If I have a cold, I know I should come here for this.  The eye-round steak pho is really, really good. It is perfect with lots of hot chili sauce.  I would give this place 5 stars, but I knocked off a star for the random bad experience my husband had. He placed his order for a Korean short-ribs plate and then went to get a beer at a neighboring establishment. 20 minutes had passed when he realized he still had no food. He went back to the counter to ask what was going on. It turned out they forgot about his order. He then waited another 10 minutes to get his food. Hearing about that experience bummed me out.  Anyway, this place is definitely my go-to place for feel-good comfort eating. Meat, broth, and lots of noodles?? Yep, that&#39;s my kind of food.  
                  I found this place in the newly built San Pedro Market/Square. True to the commercialized feel to the market, the entire place SCREAMS yuppie. I have to agree it&#39;s quite attractive. Unfortunately everything about it is too CLEAN and that doesn&#39;t apply to Vietnamese food very well.  I tried their #10 rice plate with BBQ pork. It was pretty good, but they had no option for brown rice. AND everything about it didn&#39;t seem quite Vietnamese-right. For example: the rice and the pork and the veggies didn&#39;t touch each other AT ALL. They were spread so neatly on top of a heavy glass plate. HELLOOOO, this is NOT a bento box where the food needed to be in its own separate compartment.   It makes me sad, because San Jose is KNOWN for its amazing, genuine Vietnamese food. This is just the watered-down American version, so even though I agree the food is good and the service is great, I don&#39;t feel like I got my REAL Vietnamese food fix.   I love the cafeteria feel to the entire market. I&#39;m definitely coming back to San Pedro Market again...but just not to THIS place if I&#39;m craving Vietnamese food.  
                  When I eat at San Pedro square I usually end up here. It is in the back building behind the outdoor seating area. All of there food is really good and good portions.  
                  HOLY MOLY!!!! OH MAN!  Hangover 101: Pho.  The broth was so good, noodles were on point. Thank you so much for opening a pho stand in SPSM. The name says it all, the Pho is PHONOMENAL!  
                  Phonomenal is in one of the San Pedro Square Marketplace buildings (along with Blush and The Little Cheese Shop). I&#39;m glad to have a pho restaurant within walking distance! I know there is a lot of more authentic pho places down Santa Clara, but this is great for a quick bite.  The service is really great -- your food comes out very quickly. If you choose to eat at the common sitting area in the marketplace, they bring your food to you and are quite nice. I really liked the #1 Appetizer (Summer Rolls). Super fresh and chock full of veggies, shrimp and some meat. I ordered the #2 Pho, which was okay. The broth was good but I thought the noodles were only so-so.   Overall, it is a pretty good value and a nice addition to the downtown San Jose offerings.  
