                  My friend had gotten me food from here before but today was my first actual visit to the place.   Here&#39;s the low-down:   Spuds USA is located in one of the markets at San Pedro Square. It can get very busy in there so be ready. Parking can definitely be a hassle.   The store had a cute little front in the food court. It has a toppings area, a large menu, and the area where you can pay. The even had a TV playing Harry Potter. Cool haha!   They offer many toppings on the potato such as sour cream, multiple cheese, broccoli, mushrooms and tomatoes to name some. You can ask add in proteins like bacon, chicken, pesto chicken, and pulled pork to name some. An average potato will be about $9.00 roughly. Each protein is about $2.00 and each topping is like 60 cents if I remember correctly.   I came with my boyfriend and our friend and we wanted to split a potato. We got pesto chicken, bacon, cheddar cheese, and broccoli. The potatoes there are huge so they&#39;ll definitely fill you up!   The cheddar and bacon had a great combo. The pesto chicken was my favorite part! Delicious! The broccoli had a good taste too. They cook their potatoes well; ours was cooked very thoroughly and was quite soft and hot in the middle.   The customer service was really nice too! We were helped by Rafaela. She was very helpful in us deciding what we wanted in our potato. She was in happy spirits and it rubbed off on us. She was good at double-checking our order. Nicely done Rafaela.   Overall:  Spuds USA beats out all baked potatoes in my opinion. Their toppings and proteins make it a one-of-kind place. Besides the parking mess and large crowds, Spuds USA is a must-try in San Pedro Square for great food and great service! Excellent job!   100% FOODIE APPROVED!!!!  
                  Five stars for customer service, three stars for product.   Five stars: Exceeded expectations Three stars: Okay, but needs improvement   I didn&#39;t really see any signature spud combinations that I liked, except for the breakfast spud. I was REALLY looking forward to the breakfast spud. Unfortunately, they were out of eggs, so I decided to get the breakfast spud sans the eggs. The worker was very apologetic. He tried to make it up to us by adding extra toppings, but that didn&#39;t really make up for it. My boyfriend really didn&#39;t like the Mexican spud at all, mostly because it was dry and they don&#39;t offer hot sauce. Honestly, I don&#39;t know what I was expecting. It is a LOT of potato, and is very filling, but not in the way you want to be. That&#39;s not their fault; it&#39;s not a specific feeling you get from eating only their potatoes, I&#39;m just saying that generally, if you don&#39;t like/expect to get full and feel gross from eating a bunch of potato with some toppings, you shouldn&#39;t eat here. It&#39;s literally the way you feel after eating a bunch of snacks on an empty stomach, then being too full to eat a real meal. Again, the employee was very kind and tried his best to make it up to us. It was an interesting experience, glad I tried it, but I won&#39;t be getting another gourmet potato from here, or anywhere else, ever again.  
                  Spuds is always my first choice whenever eating at San Pedro Square. Think of Chipotle, but for potatoes.   - MASSIVE potatoes!! O__O - Lots of toppings and choices, but this can add up - Signature Spud combinations available for those who are indecisive like me, I usually go with the Indian spud. Yum!  - They can be a bit heavy-handed on the cheese (either a good or bad thing, depending on your preference), I usually ask for it light or on the side.   Yeah, $9 for a potato is a bit pricey, but reasonable when comparing what $9 will get you at other places in San Pedro. I mean, have you seen their potatoes? Refer to O__O above.  
                  I don&#39;t get to come to Spuds USA often, but when I do I leave very, very happy. Here&#39;s why...  - Their portions are huge - Their selection is crazy - Their food is delicious  Whoever first put a bunch of junk from their refrigerator on a baked potato, then looked at it and still decided to eat it was a mad genius. There is something at Spuds USA for everyone and even if you don&#39;t want one of their creations on the menu, you can still get something good by putting a potato together using their list of toppings as a road map.  It&#39;s tough because no matter what you decide to do, everything looks good, so I recommend putting together a wish list for your next few visits. I was feeling like something pretty traditional the last time I visited, so I went with the Classic Arkley, though next time I know for sure I&#39;ll be going with the Chili Spud... it&#39;s not everyday you&#39;ll find a place that serves vegetarian chili as a main ingredient in a dish! I&#39;m sold!!!  
                  3 stars based on the choice my friend and I made :(   I really wanted to like this place and I saw a lot of good choices on the menu. But we ended up going with the German one ($9.10) which has &#34;Bratwurst sausage marinated in local beers, green onion, sauerkraut, dijon mustard and sour cream&#34;. It was so sour :( The amount of toppings we got was just disappointing and the flavors were a strange mix. The flavors definitely seemed to be German and the combination could have worked better. But it just didn&#39;t work. 3 stars because of our high hopes and I&#39;ll eventually give this place another try.  
                  Oh so goooood. I came here for lunch a couple months ago and are the portions huge! You can add on a lot of items but each come with an additional cost. I honestly think this one of the best things in san pedro square. The workers are also very nice and I didn&#39;t hear my order when she finished making it but she was dear enough to bring it to where i was sitting. I suggest coming here if you are craving some mighty fine potatoes.  
                  This is basically chipotle for baked potatoes! You can select the options you want for about $8.00 or you can get one of their suggested options from Indian to Vegetarian for slightly more ~ $9.00  I got the Indian potato. It was not only massive, bit delicious!!! They start off with a monster of a baked potato with butter and cheese and then add on the special ingredients - in my case Chana Masala and Tofu. It was topped off with a delicious Siracha cucumber sauce which was absolutely amazing.   Definitely a unique concept with tons of vegetarian options! (Not for those that are looking for something &#34;healthy&#34; though!)  
                  I love baked potatoes, so this was the first place I tried in San Pedro Square Market. First things first, it costs around $9 for a baked potato with 1 meat choice + 3 toppings (or any of their pre-built ones). Butter and cheese came with it.   Pros: - The best part about the whole experience is that they scoop out your potato for you, mix in the butter and cheese, and stuff it back in. That way you don&#39;t have to get messy and mix it yourself. - They have a decent variety of toppings. You only get to choose 3 though. - In terms of taste, the potato was good. At least they give you a big potato.   Cons: - each additional topping OR sauce is .75 cents. (the original price doesn&#39;t even come with sauce! How can you have a baked potato without sour cream?)   - $9 baked potato? Come on. Potatoes are cheap. All of the non-meat toppings (minus avocado) are cheap. Just charge more for the avocado then, but you shouldn&#39;t be charging per veggie topping. If we&#39;re comparing this to the baked potato version of Chipotle, then Chipotle does it much better. Chipotle has better quality meat. Chipotle will load up on all the veggies and sauces you want with no additional cost (extra cost for avocado). Chipotle burritos are $2 cheaper. Hell, even Subway gives you unlimited veggie/sauce toppings for free. All the build-your-own-pizza places (Pieology, Pizza Studio) all give you unlimited toppings for free (both meat and veggies). A whole pizza at those places are only $7-8 as well. Basically, what I&#39;m saying is: get your shit together, Spuds.  - I love mushrooms, and they had that as one of the toppings. The mushrooms are fresh. It would have been much better if they were grilled.  TL:DR - Potato is big, and tastes fine. But you&#39;re mostly paying for the experience of having a loaded baked potato with toppings of your own choosing at a pretty ridiculous price, especially if you compare it to other places that offer the same business model (Chipotle, Subway, Pieology, Pizza Studio).  
                  This is an amazing place! I tried the American and the Vegetarian and both were amazing and had completely different flavors. The Vegetarian is super fresh and flavorful with quinoa, mushrooms, black beans, guacamole and a lot more. The American is savory and has amazing pulled pork in it! I loved both! And will definitely try more. The stuff was very nice and helpful in choosing the right toppings for my taste.  You can also custom make your own potato!  This is a cool concept with a great atmosphere and life music.  And if you are in need of a desert or a coffee, you can grab it just around the corner:)  
                  Loaded baked potato paradise at it&#39;s finest and if you really know me than you know I&#39;m a sucker for an overly loaded potato. This place has been on my radar for quite some time but the thought of paying $8 plus for a baked potato didn&#39;t seem too appealing to me.  Spuds USA is redefining the way we look at baked potatoes and I love it. Silicon Valley&#39;s first loaded baked potato shop opened in 2014 by two people who came together in Australia, the concept was to offer something everyone loves and could customize and be healthy as well. The star of the meal is of course the potato which is healthier than eating bread, most if not all of the toppings they offer are organic and sustainable.  One day while visiting San Pedro Square Market I decided to give in and see what this place was all about, the pricing still threw me off a bit but I was sure that it just might be worth it and I was right. The menu here is very simple, they have a set variety of loaded potatoes that are already set with certain toppings and those are the American, New Italian, Mexicano Spud, Vegetarian, Indian Spud and The German. These particular potatoes are the specialty ones and cannot be customized and usually range from $8.50-$9.75 as some of them have upwards of 4-5 toppings. There is also the build your own spud option which I would recommend in which you pick your protein and 3 toppings for $8.10 if you want more toppings there is an additional cost. The proteins and toppings that they offer are:  PROTEINS                                                                           *Chicken/Steak                                                                     *Pulled Pork/Bacon                                                        *Quinoa/Tofu                                                             *Shrimp                                                                                                                             SAUCES/CREAMS                             *Aioli                                                  *Marinara                                          *Pico De Gallo                                   *Sriracha-Cucumber                          *Tomatillo *Pesto Cream *Chana Masala *Chili *Sour Cream  VEGGIES *Avocado *Black Beans *Black Olives *Cherry Tomatoes *Corn *Green Onions *Jalapenos *Mushrooms *Roasted Garlic *Sun Dried Tomatoes  CHEESES *Cheddar *Feta *Fresco *Mozzarella  I wanted to stick with something I knew I couldn&#39;t go wrong with so I topped mine with bacon, aioli, green onions and cheddar cheese. I was also expecting a normal sized potato but these potatoes are HUGE, I mean super size!! They load the toppings on the potato to the point where they&#39;re overflowing and you have a little bit of everything in every bite and they add a mixed greens salad on the side as well. This is probably the best loaded baked potato I&#39;ve ever had, they are cooked to perfection, so soft and moist and the toppings taste extremely fresh. They are so worth the price and the drive. This place is a MUST if you&#39;re in SPSM, you will leave satisfied and super full and guarantee you will be addicted!!  
                  If you want a loaded baked potato, this is a loaded baked potato! First of all, the potato is huge! And then you get to load it up with whatever you want (for a cost of course).  I built my own potato with pico de gallo, mushrooms, mexican cheese, and avocado.  The pico de gallo was kind of weird and vinegar-y, the mushrooms were raw and we tried to cook it in the warm potato, I could barely taste the mexican cheese and the avocado looked like guacamole. I was kind of disappointed with the toppings, but the potato itself is really good. It&#39;s super fluffy and comforting and the skin is really good as well.  Overall, it was a good (and HUGE) potato, but the toppings were just okay (even though I picked them, haha).  
                  Damnit, why am I paying so much for a baked potato?   Because its freaking delicious. The Mexican version is the winner here with the salsa verde, beans, sour cream, and corn. Yes sweet, sweet corn rounds out this dish well.   The salad can be wilted at times, and there is usually little to no dressing on it. Ask them to leave it out and just enjoy that potato.   Drink a few overpriced beers first and after to forget the fact that you paid $9 for a potato. Potato.  
                  My boyfriend and I shared a breakfast spud. It came with lots of cheese and toppings. The size is quite large and it&#39;s definitely worth the price. We weren&#39;t able to finish it haha. It was good and I&#39;d have it again!  
                  If you love baked potatoes, I highly recommend trying this place! You can order a premade one or make your own. They have different selection of meats, veggies, and sauces.   I really like their potatoes because they mash it up and add butter to make it creamy. They have huge potatoes too. Not too bad for about $8 for a big potatoe with a lot of stuffings.   Easy to find, it&#39;s near Treatbot! Parking is in the garage and San Pedro Square does validate!  
                  Food tasted old. Steak flavor was reheated and without flavor. Pico de Gallo salsa was sour and ruined the flavor of everything else. As for customer service, the cashier lady was not welcoming. A gentleman saved the day offering spices at the end. But unfortunately, the food experience was not good.  
                  Holy cow! The potatoes here are HUGE and incredibly filling and tasty! I&#39;m not sure where one could buy a ginormous russet potato, but Spuds serves them split open, mashed up, and topped with a plethora of ingredients that marry well together. For example, The Americano comes with bbq pulled pork, raw mushrooms, corn, green onions, cherry tomatoes, and garlic aioli. There was plenty of toppings to balance out the potato and the gluttony of it all was balanced out by a small side of microgreens.   For the large potato, I paid ~$9.50 (after tax) and thought it to be well worth the price (seeing as how I easily made two meals out of it). It was a bit heavy, but the ingredients were fresh and high quality. I didn&#39;t expect the pulled pork in The Americano to be so delish - it holds up well on its own! My coworkers were so impressed, they ordered the same thing upon our next visit to SPS. I could see children enjoying the potatoes as well.  Definitely a contender as a meal option in the market!  
                  Pretty dang impressed.  Had the Mexican Spud-- cooked to perfection.  Great flavor and taste.   Potato was loaded with toppings and very filling.  The side salad was a nice touch.  Well done, Mr. Potato, well done.     Took more then 10 mins to get my order.  It was non peak time, so only 1 person was working.  Luckily I always not in a rush.  
                  I got the American here, swapped green onions for cheddar. The potato was ok, it didn&#39;t really blow my mind despite having all the right ingredients. Since I was the only one there, the cashier said my potato would be ready in 5 minutes, but after she started assembling my spud she had to take the order of additional customers and it probably took more like 10 minutes. I mean, I was ready to be impressed with 5 minutes... so I&#39;d rather she just not have set the expectation lol.  I&#39;ll try somewhere else next time I&#39;m at the market.  
                  A delicious baked potato is one of those things that just makes you happy when you bite into it, and that&#39;s exactly what Spuds does!  This charming little restaurant in San Pedro Square Market takes baked potatoes to the next level. It&#39;s comfort food to the max. Not only that, the service is awesome, and the ingredients are local and responsible.  These huge potatoes come LOADED with good stuff. Choose from an array of meat, veggie, cheese, and sauce options to create your own spud, or go for one of their delicious Signature Spuds. Love the flexibility - like the Chipotle of potatoes.  We got a custom spud with: aoli, steak, mushrooms, mozzarella. All this for around $8.50, comes with a side salad as well to balance out the heavy potato. The aoli was super garlicky and coated every bite deliciously! The steak was cut into little pieces that could be mixed into the potato, and was really tender and tasty. And the potato itself is soft and buttery on the inside and the skin tastes like fries on the outside!  Some fun condiments to add (for free) to your spud: Super hot black habanero sauce, Sriracha, fried onions, and more on the counter to the left of the cashier.   I was really impressed with the hefty amount of tasty food that came from this unassuming little shop! My bf and I split a potato and were comfortably full and very satisfied afterwards.  Spuds focuses on ingredients bought locally, and really seems to be full of heart. The owner is super friendly towards every customer, brings your food right to where you&#39;re sitting, and seems to just want to put a smile on everyone&#39;s faces. There&#39;s a TV that plays the Bay&#39;s favorite sports games for those that want to grab a beer next door and watch the game while chowing down on some tasty taters.  Definitely excited to go back to try some of their Signature Spuds!  
                  I love me some potatoes, and this place did not disappoint!  The customer service was impeccable! Right when we got there, the cashier gave us the low down on how to order and whatnot. My friend and I decided to go with an Americano with extra sour cream added (can&#39;t forget the sour cream!). When our order came out, the cashier came to deliver and &#34;introduce&#34; us to our potato. It was cute.  The potatoes was cooked to just the right texture. and pairing it with their pulled pork and toppings was a recipe of delightfulness. It was also pretty filling, so I&#39;m glad we split the dish.  
                  Among the many food temptations inside this huge building is the new kid in town. Spuds. The lowly potato is a rockstar here.  It&#39;s a really simple concept. A big giant potato with whatever your heart desires or whatever your inner fatty wants to dump on it.  Adam and I shared the Americano. It is made of: Pulled pork, mushroom, corn, cherry tomatoes and green onions. It was huge. I&#39;m glad we shared. I love how thick the skin was on that potato.   When you pay they will ask you to input your info so they can text you your receipt.   Fast service. Friendly but professional staff. Good basic huge potato all dressed up! I can always come here and order their amazing potato if I want them fancied up!  
                  Born and raised in Poland, potatoes are big part of my diet. Ran into this place on the way to the theater and immediately the attraction was present. From the simple menu, build your own creation to several signature-loaded potatoes. The pulled pork Americano was love at first sight. Loaded with pulled pork, mushrooms, corn, cherry tomatoes, spring onions topped with house Aioli. There&#39;s a sign that states &#34;best potato you will ever have,&#34; which I totally agree with. The skin was crunchy, the potato firm and not mushy. The toppings were totally fresh and the pulled pork was tender with a bit of sweetness.  Since this location is inside the SPMS, it&#39;s not a full service restaurant.  The staff here was super friendly and helpful.  I also liked the payment system; paying is a breeze and the receipt is texted to you, if you choose.  Definitely coming back for a potato craving.  
                  YASSS all my potato dreams have come true!  You can have your potato YOUR way by choosing from lots of topping choices and a few meat choices.  If you&#39;re not sure what type of toppings to choose, they have a few suggested potato creations that you can choose from.    BTW Spuds is located on the side of the market where Blush, Treatbot is.  Try it out!  
                  Spuds was really great the first few times, but then it just sort of lost it&#39;s charm. The toppings to choose from are plentiful and a lot of them are really delicious, but I never found the potatoes themselves to be particularly interesting. Not to mention if you want those extra toppings it will cost extra and that can add up fast. I will say that the portions they give you are large so maybe you can use that to justify the price. I guess my final verdict is that it&#39;s a fun place to eat if you haven&#39;t been here/don&#39;t come here often. I don&#39;t think it&#39;s going to convert me into a regular customer though.  
                  Fan of potatoes? Well, you&#39;ve found the right place!   The baked potatoes are really something special here. This place is all about how you can customize your spud to your liking. Personally I go for a simple twice baked style potatoe with cheese, bacon, sour cream, and some fresh green onions. The potatoes are cooked very well, not lumpy at all and very creamy and smooth. Pricing isn&#39;t too bad either, most of the signature potatoes hover around $8.00, but you can customize a potato and the price will very depending on the toppings you choose. Plus the size of the potatoes combined with the heavy toppings fills you up fairly quickly, they don&#39;t skimp out on that at all.  The staff at Spuds are excellent at engaging the customer. Haven&#39;t had a wrong order yet from them. I did have to wait a while for the people in line in front of me, partially do to the man in front who had no clue what he wanted and kept changing his mind.  There aren&#39;t many food joints that specialize only in potatoes and this place does an excellent job in that department. Definitely recommend this place to any potato lovers out there.  
                  A potato bar?! That is something I have definitely never seen before. I think the novelty of this place was what drew me in - and not necessarily the actual items on the menu.  You can build your own potato with different meats &amp; toppings, but I was a bit overwhelmed so I went ahead and ordered off the suggested potato creations. I got the American baked potato simply because of its addition of pulled pork (mmm). The potato comes with mushrooms, tomatoes, corn, green onions, and house aioli sauce. I thought it was....just okay? Like another reviewer mentioned, I thought the meat was a bit on the sweet side. I also wished the mushrooms had been sauteed instead of left raw. Overall, not really too memorable in my opinion.  
                  genius! a gourmet baked potato spot, bc who doesn&#39;t love baked potatoes! I never even knew this existed since I usually go later at night for the shenanigans, but I guess it&#39;s always been there, just never open past 9. My friend and I got the Americano and subbed tomatoes for avocado. It was amazinggg. The potatoes are HUGE and stuffed. This one had delicious bbq pulled pork which was soo tender and tasty, mushroom, corn, green onions and garlic aioli. It also came with a side salad, which was nice. The man who took our order was also rly friendly and fun. Would definitely come back here if I make it during operating hours.  
                  Everything about this place is Awesome sauce except the lack of places to sit.  Nothing like a loaded baked potato with all kinds of goodness in it!  The layout is kind of like subway with a menu of all the ingredients they can put on the potato!  It took about 5-6 minutes to make.  They pride themselves on using organic ingredients, and the staff was friendly.  Only thing that sucks is its a food court type environment so finding a place to sit is a pain.  
                  Based off of one time visit:  My friends told me about this place. While they went to get thai food and other stuff, I decided for the potato. Didn&#39;t know what I was getting myself into. They have options.   I didn&#39;t know what to get so I let the person at the register help me. She said the Mexicano was good. So I went with that. I liked that she was really helpful in the decision making of my dinner.   The spud was huge. I couldn&#39;t finish it. I took the rest home for midnight snack. I want to try the other creations they have or make my own because I really enjoyed the mexicano. I think the thing I liked most about this was that it had black beans. The chicken was good. Overal a really good loaded potato worth the money.  Perhaps if they had different salsa options so people who like spicier could get spicier salsa in the Mexicano.  
                  It&#39;s still in it&#39;s opening stages. I&#39;m not sure if prices are set since it says &#34;introductory prices,&#34; but so far not so bad.  I decided to check them out yesterday and the potato itself was good. I liked how it had a sea salt crust to add some flavor but without an overkill. The filling was good, but I wished there was more. I love my potatoes stuffed, like super hardcore. Also... part of the pulled pork was cold... Which is a super bummer because I wasn&#39;t expecting it nor did I like a cold piece when everything else was hot. Weird. I&#39;m hoping they come out with some more creative potatoes. Otherwise, I see a lot of potential and I&#39;ll be back to try it again once it&#39;s fully running :)  
                  I ate here a couple weeks ago, I rarely eat at San Pedro Square but I heard really great things about this place from my Yelp friends so I knew I had to give it a go for myself.  This is such a weird food concept to me.  Baked potatoes with meat and vegetables stuffed inside it?!?  HOW GOOD COULD THIS POSSIBLY BE?  I hate to say that I&#39;m Asian and rarely eat potatoes but its true.  I&#39;m not a a real Potato-e type of guy.  *shrugs*  But one thing I&#39;m not is a picky eater and I can eat and am open to eating almost anything... to my own stomachs detriment at times, lol.  There was no line which was strange considering it was roughly dinner hour on a Wednesday.  There were more people next door at Market Beer Co. strangely, lol.  The server was nice when I asked about the most popular option for what to get... I swiftly ordered the Americano after seeing the pulled pork as a topping.    It took a little while to get the food and my only gripe was that the outside skin of the potato seemed to be a little too hard and difficult to cut with the cutlery they provide.  It was probably plastic from what I remember.  Everything else inside seemed pretty fresh and was filling.  I do like that they include a good amount of spring greens to balance out the dish.  I believe my meal came out to just under $10 for just that.  Not too bad considering SPSM prices at other joints.  I got an Italian Soda at the dessert place nearby and probably shouldn&#39;t have considering how overpriced and not very good tasting it was.    Since there are so many other places I have not eaten at in this same section of SPSM, I probably won&#39;t eat at Spuds again for a very long time.  
                  I will now bring everyone here. Always. I don&#39;t care if I have to navigate downtown (which says A LOT for me) to get here. I LOVED my potato. I did a build your own with black beans, feta, butter, corn, avocado, sour cream, and salsa fresca. Heavenly. My daughter had just a basic plain baked potato with a side of corn and the people were so nice, they didn&#39;t charge for side. Their choices and toppings are amazing and the people running it are so sweet. They had a new trainee who I think will do well once she gets the hang of it. I also think that the prices are reasonable given the HUGE portion you get. I absolutely recommend this place.  
                  Great place to grab lunch when you&#39;re craving carbs and for days when you want to get your fries/potato fix. I like the idea that you can build your own spud, choose your meat, and toppings. I chose to put shrimp, pico de gallo, mushrooms, and corn on mine and it tasted good! However, I do think for what you get, the price is pretty hefty (approx. $9). Quantity wise, it&#39;s a lot however it&#39;s not the type of a la carte dish I like enough to really finish completely. If you&#39;re sharing with friends, it would probably be good idea :) I would also recommend getting the sauce on the side because they DRENCH the potato in sauce and the flavor becomes way too overwhelming.  
                  Spuds is the new addition inside San Pedro Square? (Didn&#39;t remember seeing them last year I was here...) A good addition, consider a lot of food choices there are mostly meat, and Spuds is about potatoes! (And meat, if you want)  I didn&#39;t bother build my own, just ordered American. Good portion (last me two meals), very generous toppings! Very flavorful combinations. The pulled pork really is pretty good! I am not really a fan of pulled pork, thinking it usually overpowers whatever I am eating, but in this case, it is perfect in a giant potato! Green onions is a nice touch. Also it has a great balance between meat and other veggie toppings. I love how the potato skin is baked pretty crispy.   Everything tastes fresh, and on the website claims ingredients are organic and locally sourced. I know there are people who might think $9-$10 baked potato is kind of crazy, but personally I enjoy it and think it is delicious! You can gourmet and customize everything, yah? ;)  
                  Great concept, good quick grub, but the ingredients are not impressive in quality, especially the spud itself. I tried a few of the pre-made, and don&#39;t get me wrong, it tasted good, but nothing special. Therefore three stars is deserved. Became a mush after a while too.  
                  The front guy at the cashier was super cool and the service was good. Bomb food. It&#39;s like a chiptole but for baked potatos. So bomb  
                  Fantastic place with fantastic people working there!  The Americano seems to be the crowd favorite, but I don&#39;t like mushrooms so I opted to make my own. I was sad that it comes only comes with three toppings because there were so many to choose from! Pulled pork (not overwhelming drenched), corn, roast garlic, and house aoili for me!  My food came out really fast even though it was kind of busy, and the cashier was so cheery and entertaining about it. Showing me my potato was like unveiling a new puppy or something.   Potato was really big, I ended up eat the last 1/4 for lunch the next day (still good!). It cames with a side salad, no dressing on it :(  Total came out to be around 9.50 but i got 3 dollars knocked off for using PayPal.  Validated parking. Hard to find seating anywhere during the weekend  
                  Killer vegetarian/vegan options. Served to order, which can result in a slightly long wait but if youre in no rush it&#39;s totally worth it!  
                  Yum! Baked Potato! I know, whats so great about it right? But It&#39;s soooo filling!  They have different ones that they&#39;ve created, but I made my own. You choose your own toppings and sauce! I mean it&#39;s all about customizing now a days, so you can get whatever your heart desires.  Not to mention, the staff is super friendly and knows what shes talking about! Just in case you cant figure it out, they&#39;ll guide you!  
                  First of all, this place is located at a food court. I came across this place accidentally. We were originally headed to the neighboring burger place, thinking it was a restaurant, but I just couldn&#39;t resist getting a potato. You get a large potato and get to choose toppings, pretty simple concept. I think I was one of the first people to finish my meal, that&#39;s how good this thing was :)  
                  Get ready to have your taste-SPUDS blown up! This place is LEGIT!!!  Ok, so I may or may not have an addiction to potatoes so this place is like my gateway eatery... so bad but only because it is sooooo good that I could, and would, eat every single meal of my life here if it were possible.   I had the most delectable, delicious, and mouth watering potato that has ever been created. I asked what they recommended and my mouth instantly began to water. I opted to make my own creation, rather than order from the few varieties and favorites they had on the board. I decided to keep it simple for the first go-around: cheese (mozzarella and cheddar), bacon, and avocado... OHMYWORD!  The staff was great, and your potato even comes with a side salad (LOVE).  I cannot CANNOT wait to come back and try some new potato creations!  
                  I guess you could say paying $8 for a baked potato maybe a bit crazy. If youre a light eater than it may make a meal for you. As a snack to split it maybe a better idea. Bacon, pesto, olives, mushrooms and mozzarella were pretty tasty. It comes with a lettuce side salad which seemed inconsequential. The lady working was friendly and was nice enough to bring the food to our table. Ill have to try steak or pulled pork as another snack down the road  
                  5 out of 5 spuds for me!   We&#39;ve been eagerly anticipating the arrival of Spuds since seeing their sign go in at the market. We finally got our spud fix for lunch today and we were not disappointed!  The location itself is very clean and simple, which I like. They offer speciality loaded spuds (next time I must try the Mexicano), or you can build your own.  I opted to create my own, which comes with 3 toppings + your protein of choice. I went with chicken, cheddar cheese, sour cream, and jalapenos. The tater comes with a side of field greens, and they have a house dressing you can put on top (I liked that it was a self-serve dressing so that I could choose how much or how little I wanted). I&#39;ve never had meat with my baked potato (besides crunchy bacon bits) but I was pleasantly surprised how well the flavors married. It was yummy and just the right amount to satisfy.   Service was excellent. The woman who helped us was extremely friendly and brought our spuds out to our table when they were ready, even though she was helping another customer. She overheard me say I was taking photos to post on Yelp and she thanked me fervently.   We can&#39;t wait to come back and try some of the specialty spuds, and are excited to have a new lunch spot by our office!   Fun fact: while eating we did some research on the nutritional value of potatoes, and discovered that a) they are quite healthy and b) they have more potassium than a banana! I would much rather eat potatoes than bananas so I was overjoyed.  
                  After eating a pizza we were still hungry so hubby and I split an American. Hubby was fascinated watching them make the potato. The potato was huge! For $8.50  it certainly did a good job filling us up. The potato was filled with pulled pork, mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, corn, green onions and aioli sauce drizzle. It was a tad sweet for my taste, but hubby really liked it as is. He even ate the skin afterwards.  
                  I always had this theory that everyone on earth can live of off potatoes. I don&#39;t see anyone telling me that this would a problem if it was the only thing left for humans to eat!   If that were the case, Spuds USA would have so much business! This place makes the ordinary potato so great. The portions are huge and please do come with an appetite. If you don&#39;t, your fellow friend would be more than happy to finish it for you because it&#39;s so darn delicious.   I personally like the original baked potato with bacon, sour cream, cheese, green onions, and etc. It hits home with me whenever I get it.   Pricing is affordable, bring a $10 and that&#39;s all you need for you and your potato to join together in deliciousness. Y  This quaint little place is located in San Pedro square and there are other foodie places around but I would say to try this place because of the good food and also the service is great too! (I came right when they were closing but they still made me a potato! I wanted to hug them so much! )  
                  If you love potatoes...Spuds is the place for you! They start with a huge baked potato and you get to choose one meat topping with cheese and get to choose another 3 more toppings. And then they put a side of the greens next to the potato....Result is a gigantic potato lunch with the fixings! Definitely recommend it, go to try it one time at least!  I get mine with quinoa, cheddar cheese and Sriracha-Cucumber sauce. Add a little cherry tomatoes and green onion....YUM!! My husband chose bacon and pulled pork....the bacon was delicious!!  I&#39;ve already gone there 3 times in the last few weeks!  
                  I just found a jewel in the second building of San Pedro Square Market.  It is a loaded baked potato place. The decor is beautiful and very classy,  staff is great and food is ultra yuuummmm. They were also super smart because they are right next to the beer stand.  Baked potatoes and beer!!!! How good is that!!!  I tried the Mexicano Spud (spud=potato)  and the first thing I noticed is how rich and unique the flavors are. And then the experience is even better when you notice how fluffy and good that potato is.  best Ever. I will definitely come back and try as many options as I can because they have a menu that includes a &#34;build your own&#34;  section.  Excited about this place.  
                  I got a spud with pulled pork, aioli, corn with cheddar and sour cream and it was  bombdiggity.com  . To top it off, the cashier was awesome.... Great customer service!  
                  I have gone here twice now.  Once when it was busy and once when it wasn&#39;t.  Both times my food came out quickly.  You might think that a potato with toppings wouldn&#39;t be much food, but they select huge russet type potatoes.  It is a lot of food and takes a while to eat.  It also comes with a little salad.  The food is delicious, and I like the idea of making something tasty that uses the whole potato.  Their website says they use organic ingredients which I think is great.  The only thing I can think of that I don&#39;t like as much is that they use to go containers and plastic utensils for everything.  I&#39;d prefer plates and washable utensils to avoid the waste.  But they are small so I understand why it is this way.  
                  I&#39;ve been in this place twice already. The first time a like it a lot (I had the mexicano) but the second time I really loved it!! I was there for the big opening and they had samples of the Mexicano, americano and veggie. I was not sure which one to choose but I had samples of all three OMG! Delicious! I still do not know which one is my favorite..! I will recommend you to go, you won&#39;t get disappointed. Good staff and very clean restaurant. :)  
                  A potato lovers heaven. I never thought much about baked potatoes.. Probably due to the horrid memories of bland grade school baked potatoes from the lunch line. But alas those terrible memories are long gone thanks to Spuds!   The first time I tried this, my GF had one with pulled pork and i&#39;m personally not the biggest fan of pulled pork so at first, they didn&#39;t stand out to me. Today I tried them out again for lunch, this time with my own toppings which included chicken, aioli sauce, mozzarella cheese, oven roasted garlic. It was fantastic to say the least. Loaded and piled high, they give you enough of the goods to last you the whole potato. Additionally they have organic sriracha (found at costco in case you were wondering), ketcup and red hot sauce. I was really surprised by all their organic selection, really allows them to stand out.   Couple things to improve on though, originally I was going to get mushrooms instead of garlic, but the lady explained that the mushrooms won&#39;t be the fully cooked kind, so just a fyi if thats what you&#39;re expecting. With the garlic, I wish there was more, I absolutely love garlic and was let down by how little there was.   Besides that, the lady who took my order was so cheerful and nice. Awesome customer service. Be sure to have your PayPal app ready, and clip the coupon for $3.00 off your spud! Will definitely have to come back for more!  
                  So far, I love this! They&#39;re open till the 18th as a pre-opening. I was really excited when I saw spuds was moving into San Pedro square. It&#39;s a wonderful healthy, gluten free food!  The owner talked to us a bit, introduced his wife. They are lovely people; really enthusiastic. Good customer service!  The food is all organic too. Perfectly cooked and hot potato, fresh ingredients ( I really liked the corn and cherry tomatoes on the americano), and a nice balance of flavors.  Checks off for me! Hope they stay consistent :)  [EDIT] If I could do half stars I&#39;d say 3 1/2. I like this place still, but after coming a few times I am not as excited. It all tastes good, and I do still love the organic ingredients, but more than once I got cold pulled pork which made the potato cold.  
                  I came here the other day and had a baked potato with corn, sundries tomatoes, and black beans.   They forgot to include the pulled pork in my potato. I was so incredibly hungry that I didn&#39;t notice until after I was halfway through and by that time I didn&#39;t care anymore. Still, there is no option on the menu to not get a meat or at least quinoa, so I&#39;m unsure how they could have missed it. The potato needed a kick that it did not have, and I blame it on the lack of meat.   I disliked the sundries tomatoes. They are not the worst sundries tomatoes that I have had, but I definitely do not recommend getting this as one of your toppings.   The salad on the side could have used some dressing. It was a bunch of lettuce which didn&#39;t add much to this dish.   I give this place four stars only because the baked potato itself was very good.  
                  Massive baked potato the size of your face filled with all sorts of creamy goodness. You order down the line Chipotle-style. Got the Italiano Spud: shrimp, pesto, sundried tomatoes, avocado and sour cream.... except on mine they forgot to put in avocado!! But regardless, the soft mushy potato mashed in with all the creamy toppings made me entirely forget I was even missing an ingredient.  
                  Amazing place excellent Choice .... Great  idea was to follow the advice of their owners, wonderful combinations excellent customer service.  I love it..... Thanks Spuds USA potato bar  
                  Who doesn&#39;t love a good baked potato?   Working downtown, Spuds has become one of my favorite spots for a good lunch break. My coworkers and I go often - some of us trying new toppings each time, and others repeatedly ordering the same staples. There is plenty of variety!   I&#39;m a sucker for the option to &#34;create your own potato&#34;, and usually opt for sriracha cucumber sauce or marinara with lots of veggies. For vegetarians and carnivores alike, there is so much to choose from!   You can get potatoes piled high with vegetables or meat or keep it simple with classics like sour cream and green onion.  My favorite spud: topped with black olives, mushrooms, roasted garlic, sundried tomatoes, and marinara.  ...And the potatoes are huge! I usually can&#39;t eat the whole thing and end up scooping out almost half of it to get to the best part: the skin. It&#39;s perfectly crisp and with a little salt and hot sauce, the grand finale to a perfect meal.   Topping it off, service is quick and friendly.   Spuds is located in San Pedro Market, where there are food options of every variety. Make you way past the tacos, forget the burgers, and give it a try. You won&#39;t be sorry.  
                  This place is delicious! The potatoes are huge and they do not go light on the toppings. On top of that, the lady working (I&#39;m sorry I did not get her name) but she was absolutely delightful. She was so sweet. I would come back just to have her introduce me to my potato again. Great customer service and incredibly good food. I ordered the Vegetariano and my girlfriends ordered the Americano and the Indiano potatoes. All perfect.  Highly recommended place to eat.  
                  Really good baked potato! I had steak with avocado, cherry tomatoes, and sriracha-cucumber sauce. Loved the potato and the sriracha-cucumber.   The steak did taste good, but it was grayish and soft instead of having a dark brown seared color/texture/flavor. Not necessarily wrong, but not what I would have expected and preferred. The avocado was mashed, like what you get in a sandwich shop, and a bit over-ripe for my taste.   I would definitely be happy to get this again, because the potato and sauce were so tasty. I will probably try different toppings next time.  
                  Awesome!!! I tried the vegetarian baked potato, which comes with quinoa, feta, avocado, black beans and a few other ingredients. Staff friendly, easy to order, and it is by far the best tasting baked potato I&#39;ve ever had. Highly recommend it. Filling, but you don&#39;t feel like taking a nap afterwards just perfect.  
                  Went to Spuds for the third time this week, I think this qualifies me as an addict! The potatoes are amazing, I think my favorite is the Mexicano, but the Vegetariano is a close second (to be fair, I haven&#39;t tried them all yet), but the toppings make them so unique, unlike any baked potato you&#39;ve had before. I&#39;ll definitely be back soon!  Pro tip: they have an awesome dressing at the counter, add some to your salad before you sit down.  
                  Skeptical to the idea of JUST having a baked potato for lunch but wow was the Mexicano delicious. The combination of sour cream, salsa verde, and sprinkled crunchy chips was quite tasty. Also came with a small salad side but 8.50 (before tax).   Great service also! Cashier was very friendly and nothing but smiles.   Overall great experience but for me it wasn&#39;t too filling. Great for anyone on a diet ( remember carbs are NOT bad for diets).  
                  I did the build your own spud cherries sun dried tomatoes chili and cheddar it was good the only thing I would like to see is more chili gets a lil dry with out that moisture and the cheese wasn&#39;t melted.....but the people are great the ingredients are fresh potatoes are huge!!!!! Owners are great I will be eating at spuds time and time again  
                  The concept sounds like a great idea. Baked potatoes with delicious toppings sound like a winner right? Well if you&#39;re paying around $9-10 for a baked potato, maybe not then. I got the one with shrimp, pesto, sundried tomatoes as the topping and I can say it was a great tasting baked potato but the toppings didn&#39;t taste that special to me. I can&#39;t seem to justify paying such a high price for it. It&#39;s definitely worth trying out, but it&#39;s not something I see myself going to again since for that price there are many other options in the area.  
                  Ummmm! Going again tonight, can&#39;t wait. The great customer service is the best friendly and positive attitude from any market place or restaurant for that matter. What a great place to meet my friends and office co-workers. It will seat everyone together. I am going to spread the word, cause it&#39;s that good. They even have a TV for the football games and other games.  The market place has a couple of bars and this potato meal with all organic veggies and chicken or pulled pork, is perfect for a fun day or night.  5 stars..  
                  What a pleasant surprise to find a potato that has gone and made itself a meal! I had the pleasure of trying the Americana spud and it was delightful! A blend of corn, pulled pork, cherry tomatoes, cheese, garlic aioli and a spring salad mix that really pulled the whole entrée together in a mouth watering explosion! Get one and prove me right! Check it out!  
                  Came here and had great service! The cashier was very friendly and bubbly. She also gave great recommendations. We ended up ordering the Mexican spud and the food came out fast. It was pretty delicious!  
                  Oh my gosh. This place is UH-MAY-ZINNG(: My taste buds were in heaven. Plus the workers there were great too. Very friendly and funny. The only thing I didn&#39;t like was that the potatoes itself were kinda small (this coming from a girl who eats like a bird)  but it was loaded with stuffings. It&#39;s about 8 dollars per potato and you can build your own or choose from ones they&#39;ve created. Quite yummy. This place won&#39;t disappoint. Oo almost forgot, their pulled pork...delish(:  
                  Great new place in San Pedro Square! My husband and I stopped by here over the weekend and were very impressed! We&#39;d never been to a potato bar before and weren&#39;t sure what to expect. What we encountered was a huge variety of fresh toppings and some damn delicious potatoes! We tried the Americano (pulled pork with a garlic cream type sauce) and the Mexicano (chicken, corn, crema fresca)  and we loved both of them - I think we both decided that the Mexicano is our favorite though.  The owners are both incredibly sweet and you can tell they&#39;re really excited about their store and providing their customers with the best experience possible. I&#39;m a huge potato fan and will definitely be back :)  
                  The potato was baked to perfection, and the inside was as soft and fluffy as mashed potatoes...but there was no mashing here! Truly wonderful texture. I got the Italiano, which was stuffed with pesto cream, sun dried tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, and topped with shrimp. I say topped with shrimp because they cut the shrimp length-wise in half, so that there appeared to be more shrimp than there actually were (I would have liked more, given that I paid $10 for a potato). It was definitely tasty, but I think I would like some of the other ones better.  Both people behind the counter were very friendly, and I had my potato presented to me within five minutes. There also wasn&#39;t a line, so that was nice. Quick &amp; tasty, but could be a better value. It&#39;s nice to have something different at San Pedro!  
                  10 out of 10! My favorite is the Vegetariano plus chicken. So yummy every time I eat there!!  
                  I tried the Americano, which was awesome. Great spuds.  Fast and friendly service.  Next time I go I&#39;ll try the Mr. Clean special, that sounds tasty :-)  
                  Pretty good for a new restaurant, but there&#39;s definitely room for improvement.  I&#39;d say it&#39;s a 3.5 star place, but I&#39;ll round up while they are still working out kinks.  I had their Americano combination of toppings.  Basically, its a Chipotle style of ordering where you choose the toppings for your baked potato.  An interestingly new concept since I have yet to see a place specializing in baked potatoes.    In the long run, I imagine this becoming a difficult sell to people unless they have a large variety of toppings (they do, but hopefully certain toppings rotate out to keep things fresh, perhaps seasonal toppings?).  Another difficult selling point was the price for a baked potato.  I got my potato at the prerelease pricing which was $6.50.  Not bad considering it came with a small salad.  However, the potato itself is relatively small, and if the price goes up, personally I would be less inclined to buy one in the future, unless you get more toppings or something.  Given that they have a lot of toppings at their disposal, I wish that they had offered poutine as french fries wouldn&#39;t be too difficult to make, and poutine is a pretty hot food trend at the moment.  It would also be interesting to see if they offer appetizers or something different in their menu, currently they only offer baked potatoes with toppings.   Service overall was very friendly.  And the potatoes didn&#39;t take too long to order.  They seemed to break apart the potato a bit for you as well so its easier for you to eat.    Overall this place does hold potential.  I&#39;m interested to see what they do before officially finalizing everything.  
                  Excellent baked potato with very sweet people at the counter.  
                  So going back! I love me some baked potatoes. And this place blew my mind! This place is the bomb dot com  
                  Best potato and I&#39;ve ever eaten. Fresh ingredients, delicious flavor profiles. I could honestly eat here every day.  
                  My favorite! A perfect place to grab a quick bite. I will not say small bite though, because their potatoes are gigantic! Honestly, I would eat there again, and again, and again. They&#39;re quick, friendly, and turn an ordinary meal into something extraordinary.  
                  They should use the large TV screen behind them to show videos of them making amazing potatoes, showing their Yelp reviews, and adding text of what makes their potatoes great. Showing sports on their TV does nothing for their business. Showing off their reviews, and process in making the potatoes will get more people wanting to stop by.  
                  Solid addition to the San Pedro Square lineup.  You can build your own from a list of sauces, cheeses, veggies or protiens (including fish and Quinoa) or choose a signature combo- being a gringo, I especially like the Americano (pulled pork, mushrooms, corn, cherry tomatoes, Aioli, and onion).  Clean space and a good fit.  Try it!  
                  I tried the mexican! And I loved it :). It was great!!! For sure I will go back.  They are still on the first stage of opening so i guess  it will only get better.  This is a local business. That is cool :).  
                  So tasty! I really loved this! Specially the mexican potato! The sauce is deliscious! Definitely worth give it a try! The attendants are so polite and fun!  
                  Oh my God! This place is paradise! The concept sounds like a great idea. Baked potatoes with delicious toppings. I&#39;d never been to a potato bar before and wasn&#39;t sure what to expect. What I encountered was a huge variety of fresh toppings and some delicious potatoes. I tried the Americano and the Mexicano and loved both of them. Definitely, the Mexicano was my favorite. I recommend you to go, you won&#39;t be disappointed. Good staff, excellent food, great service and a very clean restaurant. Next time I go, I will try the Mr. Clean special because it sounds super tasty. Spuds USA= a potato lovers heaven! 5 stars for this amazing place.  
                  Great potato, perfectly done. consistent texture all the way to the skin. Lots of great ingredients to add. Your meal is as creative as you are. They offer a chalk board of their personal favorites, some of them I will try next time, however I opted to have mine made the with my chosen ingredients and it was d&#39;lish. They were generous in asking if I wanted more of any ingredient. I let them make it their way and it was perfect. I tasted each ingredient. Maybe I&#39;d add a little more of the creamy sauce they put on. I interacted with all the workers and they are very nice, top notch customer service. And you&#39;ll love their location in the San Pedro Square.  
                  Absolutely awesome, healthy, tasty, good looking food! Its amazing how wrong I was about the taste of potatoes! Its delicious! I had already tried Italian and Mexican, both incredibly tasty. Going back soon to try the rest!!  
                  At school I hear of the potato famine.  If this is it, it&#39;s awesome!  Never thought potatoes taste so good.  Had the &#34;Mexicano&#34; potato and it was so worth it.  The wife had the Italiano but compared to my dish it was ok.  Nice staff too.  
                  So this place was such a blessing in disguise. ITS FRESH!! I ordered the vegetarian spud that had quinoa, black beans, mushrooms, pico de gallo, feta, guacamole, and of course the spud had butter and mozzarella. But not drowned in butter and cheese. The flavors were so amazing and well incorporated with each other. Also, I tried their tomatillo sauce on the side and also very delicious.  on this place from me, keep up the great work guys!  
                  I like this place. I want to like it more (more on that in a bit). The staff is extremely friendly. The drawbacks are it takes a little while to get your potato. The drink selection is also very limited. For the price of the potato it could be a bit bigger. Maybe one of those football-sized mutant potatoes I&#39;ve had before.  
                  Hmmm.. I guess its okay. The taste is good and the amount of the meat is great, but the potato skin is hard to bite. Great place to come with group of friends.  
                  Great food, great service, great people and $5 off if you use PayPal. What to ask more? Thanks Spuds!  
                  Sunday morning brunch is quiet at SPM. Thankfully because by the time I got there, I had a wicked hangover starting. Knowing a little food would help, I chose the mildest thing I could find. The employees were helpful and created the perfect baked potato for me, and it was delicious. Their customer service is as good as the food.  
                  I absolutely loved this place, tried the Italiano potato which was filled with a lot of shrimps I would highly recommend this place!!!! Thank you for great service  
                  LOVE THIS PLACE. I got a spud with avocado, bacon, and cheddar cheese. The toppings are all over the potato, not just the top. And they give a reasonable amount! It was heaven in my mouth! The workers are super friendly, too.  
                  Really loved the Mexican potato I ordered. I wasn&#39;t in the mood for a potato, but I&#39;m glad I decided to eat here. The service was great, the product was even better. Highly recommended.  
                  This place is fantastic. The potatoes are baked perfectly, and there are interesting varieties of pre-set topping combinations and a great list of toppings that you can use to create your own. We were very impressed and will be back. Also, the owner is really funny, welcoming, and sweet. Overall we had a great time, enjoyed the food, and highly recommend checking it out. You won&#39;t be disappointed.  
